							
AAAAAAA	Tau Bananaramus XI	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc2.gif	
AAAAAAB	Psi Clinton IV	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb8.gif	
AAAAAAC	Sigma Diverticulus XI	The sky is puce fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
AAAAAAD	Chi Perambulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue, dotted by occasional wispy burgundy-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.			
AAAAAAE	Rho Clinton V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif		
AAAAAAF	Theta Dyxichix IV	The planet's sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
AAAAAAG	Yodeli Taylor VI	The sky is pink fading into purple near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
AAAAAAH	Eta Molotov VI	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
AAAAAAI	Lambda Waldorf VII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, and a red-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.			
AAAAAAJ	Waldorfus Zevon II	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
AAAAAAK	Corpulus Nicholson VIII	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta19.gif		
AAAAAAL	Epsilon Blivebarkerus VII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, punctuated by mottled black and grey clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgaliena5.gif
AAAAAAM	Bananaramus Noriega III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange, punctuated by mottled grey and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta19.gif		
AAAAAAN	Bubblicius Smith IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala20.gif	
AAAAAAO	Upsilon Martinez IV	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
AAAAAAP	Omicron Perfunctus XI	The sky is a vivid violet, punctuated by mottled black and pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb5.gif
AAAAAAQ	Gamma Corpulus X	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgaliena2.gif
AAAAAAR	Mu Mack X	The sky is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
AAAAAAS	Nu Mexicanus XI	The sky is a dim green.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala12.gif	
AAAAAAT	Zeta Hall II	The planet's sky is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
AAAAAAU	Iota Hamburguesus V	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
AAAAAAV	Upsilon O'Kelly IV	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, punctuated by mottled grey and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
AAAAAAW	Polepositioni McDonald XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	
AAAAAAX	Fustulus Harris V	The sky is a deep pink, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The sky is moonless.			
AAAAAAY	Sigma Draper VIII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgaliena4.gif
AAAAAAZ	Omicron Peterson VIII	The sky is a bleached yellow, with a dense covering of azure-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif		sgaliena3.gif
AAAAABA	Corpulus King X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, dotted by occasional wispy rose-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
AAAAABB	Lambda Clinton VIII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	The sky is moonless.			
AAAAABC	Dyxichix Jones IV	The sky is a brilliant pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif		
AAAAABE	Eta Moore XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant white.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta7.gif		
AAAAABF	Diggusduggus Madison I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc3.gif		sgaliena10.gif
AAAAABG	Omega Discothecus II	The sky is a pale blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
AAAAABH	Eta McMahon V	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
AAAAABI	Perambulus Salisbury VI	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
AAAAABK	Omega McMahon III	The sky is green fading into maroon near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
AAAAABL	Tau Harris III	The sky is cornflower fading into taupe near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
AAAAABM	Chi Cattusdoggus VIII	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
AAAAABN	Sigma Cooper IV	The sky is pink fading into ruby near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
AAAAABO	Epsilon Buck V	The sky above the horizon is a bright green, dotted by occasional wispy cream-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
AAAAABP	Kappa Abbrevianus III	The planet's sky is a hazy chartreuse, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.		sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
AAAAABQ	Beta Rutgers X	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.			
AAAAABR	Nu Smith IV	The sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	
AAAAABS	Billclintonus Wallace III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb9.gif	
AAAAABT	Phi Rutgers IV	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala6.gif	
AAAAABU	Xi Nite X	The sky is a bleached green, and a sepia-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc2.gif		sgalienb7.gif
AAAAABV	Rho Belvedere IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif		sgaliena8.gif
AAAAABW	Gamma Belletaco VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
AAAAABX	Fustulus Belvedere IV	The sky is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala20.gif	
AAAAABY	Zeta Dunn I	The planet's sky is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgaliena8.gif
AAAAABZ	Corpulus Pennington X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
AAAAACA	Epsilon Jones VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala15.gif	
AAAAACB	Beta Waldorfus VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
AAAAACC	Chi Durden V	The sky is a deep pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
AAAABAA	Eta Paulreichus IV	The planet's sky is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta10.gif		sgalienb5.gif
AAAABAB	Epsilon Jones VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala15.gif	
AAAABAC	Beta Waldorfus VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
AAAABBA	Dyxichix Meadows III	The sky is a pale burgundy.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
AAAABBB	Discothecus Lennon II	The sky is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb10.gif
AAAABBC	Beta Jones XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
AAAABCA	Paulreichus Haggard VII	The planet's sky is a pale blue, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
AAAABCB	Eta Milkius I	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
AAAABCC	Psi Bearthurus I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif		
AAAACAA	Gamma Yodeli V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
AAAACAB	Paulreichus Haggard VII	The planet's sky is a pale blue, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
AAAACAC	Eta Milkius I	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
AAAACAD	Psi Bearthurus I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif		
AAAACBA	Mu Nelson X	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif		
AAAACBB	Tau Allen V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		
AAAACBC	Chi Cattusdoggus IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
AAAACCA	Delta King IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
AAAACCB	Corpulus Reagan X	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
AAAACCC	Upsilon Johnson XI	The sky is sienna fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif		
AAABAAA	Rho Cheetus II	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb2.gif		sgaliena2.gif
AAABAAB	Dyxichix Meadows III	The sky is a pale burgundy.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
AAABAAC	Discothecus Lennon II	The sky is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc3.gif	
AAABABA	Gamma Yodeli V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
AAABABB	Paulreichus Haggard VII	The planet's sky is a pale blue, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
AAABABC	Eta Milkius I	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala9.gif	
AAABACA	Mu Nelson X	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
AAABACB	Tau Allen V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
AAABACC	Chi Cattusdoggus IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
AAABBAA	Eta Diverticulus III	The planet's sky is a hazy red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala4.gif	
AAABBAB	Mu Nelson X	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
AAABBAC	Tau Allen V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
AAABBBA	Discothecus Clark VII	The sky is a deep blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif		
AAABBBB	Delta King IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
AAABBBC	Corpulus Reagan X	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
AAABBBD	Upsilon Johnson XI	The sky is sienna fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif		
AAABBBE	Mu Fredfordus IX	The sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
AAABBBF	Discothecus Smith X	The sky is a uniform green.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
AAABBBG	Eta Haggard XI	The planet's sky is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
AAABBBH	Cardboardius Hall II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
AAABBBI	Phi Cartwright III	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
AAABBBJ	Pi Romero VIII	The sky is an oppressive blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb3.gif		
AAABBCA	Gamma Clinton III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, dominated by a system of white rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
AAABBCB	Xi Meadows VI	The sky is a pale pink, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif		
AAABBCC	Omega Bob II	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb1.gif		
AAABCAA	Delta Humptydumptus XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
AAABCAB	Gamma Clinton III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, dominated by a system of white rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
AAABCAC	Xi Meadows VI	The sky is a pale pink, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif		
AAABCBA	Perfunctus Smith III	The planet's sky is a uniform red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif		sgaliena9.gif
AAABCBB	Mu Steadwick IX	The sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
AAABCBC	Omega Bob III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
AAABCCA	Omega Pannus VI	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, speckled with puffy navy-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala12.gif	
AAABCCB	Beta Hernandez II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif		
AAABCCC	Mu Durden VIII	The sky is a bright yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
AAACAAA	Iota Moore IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif		
AAACAAB	Discothecus Clark VII	The sky is a deep blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif		
AAACAAC	Delta King IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
AAACABA	Delta Humptydumptus XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	
AAACABB	Gamma Clinton III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, dominated by a system of white rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
AAACABC	Xi Meadows VI	The sky is a pale pink, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
AAACACA	Perfunctus Smith III	The planet's sky is a uniform red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif		
AAACACB	Mu Steadwick IX	The sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
AAACACC	Omega Bob III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
AAACBAA	Tau Allopecius X	The sky is green fading into magenta near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
AAACBAB	Perfunctus Smith III	The planet's sky is a uniform red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif		
AAACBAC	Mu Steadwick IX	The sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
AAACBBA	Epsilon Paulreiserus I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
AAACBBB	Omega Pannus VI	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, speckled with puffy navy-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
AAACBBC	Beta Hernandez II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif		
AAACBCA	Upsilon Disraeli IV	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of silver-colored clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
AAACBCB	Xi Berry XI	The sky is a bright crimson, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		
AAACBCC	Tau Gronulus XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
AAACCAA	Yodeli Thompson V	The sky is pink fading into silver near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
AAACCAB	Upsilon Disraeli IV	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of silver-colored clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
AAACCAC	Xi Berry XI	The sky is a bright crimson, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		
AAACCBA	Rho Moore V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
AAACCBB	Pi Jones III	The sky is a brilliant red, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif		
AAACCBC	Xi Pacmanicus XI	The sky is a dim cerulean.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif		
AAACCCA	Phi Crustulus VII	The sky is blue fading into magenta near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
AAACCCB	Epsilon Jones VIII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgaliena7.gif
AAACCCC	Chi Taylor IX	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta7.gif		
AAACIJD	Zeta Nelson XI	The planet's sky is a pale green.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgaliena7.gif
AAAOFWA	Mu Linoleus III	The sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
AAARRGG	Psi Fritus II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green, dotted by occasional wispy sepia-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		
AAAZAAA	Omicron Paulreiserus IV	The sky is a deep red, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala1.gif	
AABAAAA	Zeta Belvedere IV	The planet's sky is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
AABAAAB	Gamma Yodeli V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
AABAAAC	Paulreichus Haggard VII	The planet's sky is a pale blue, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgaliena10.gif
AABAABA	Eta Diverticulus III	The planet's sky is a hazy red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
AABAABB	Mu Nelson X	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
AABAABC	Tau Allen V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
AABAACA	Discothecus Clark VII	The sky is a deep blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
AABAACB	Delta King IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.			
AABAACC	Corpulus Reagan X	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta19.gif		
AABABAA	Iota Moore IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
AABABAB	Discothecus Clark VII	The sky is a deep blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
AABABAC	Delta King IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.			
AABABBA	Delta Humptydumptus XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
AABABBB	Gamma Clinton III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, dominated by a system of white rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
AABABBC	Xi Meadows VI	The sky is a pale pink, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif		
AABABCA	Perfunctus Smith III	The planet's sky is a uniform red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
AABABCB	Mu Steadwick IX	The sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
AABABCC	Omega Bob III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta1.gif		
AABACAA	Tau Allopecius X	The sky is green fading into magenta near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb5.gif
AABACAB	Perfunctus Smith III	The planet's sky is a uniform red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
AABACAC	Mu Steadwick IX	The sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
AABACBA	Epsilon Paulreiserus I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
AABACBB	Omega Pannus VI	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, speckled with puffy navy-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb6.gif	
AABACBC	Beta Hernandez II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
AABACCA	Upsilon Disraeli IV	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of silver-colored clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
AABACCB	Xi Berry XI	The sky is a bright crimson, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		
AABACCC	Tau Gronulus XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta2.gif		
AABBAAA	Tau Clark II	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
AABBAAB	Delta Humptydumptus XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb5.gif
AABBAAC	Gamma Clinton III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, dominated by a system of white rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
AABBABA	Tau Allopecius X	The sky is green fading into magenta near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb5.gif
AABBABB	Perfunctus Smith III	The planet's sky is a uniform red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgaliena9.gif
AABBABC	Mu Steadwick IX	The sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
AABBACA	Epsilon Paulreiserus I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
AABBACB	Omega Pannus VI	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, speckled with puffy navy-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb6.gif	
AABBACC	Beta Hernandez II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif		
AABBBAA	Upsilon Peterson VI	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and lilac-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb7.gif
AABBBAB	Epsilon Paulreiserus I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
AABBBAC	Omega Pannus VI	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, speckled with puffy navy-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb6.gif	
AABBBBA	Yodeli Thompson V	The sky is pink fading into silver near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
AABBBBB	Upsilon Disraeli IV	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of silver-colored clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc2.gif	
AABBBBC	Xi Berry XI	The sky is a bright crimson, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
AABBBCA	Rho Moore V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
AABBBCB	Pi Jones III	The sky is a brilliant red, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb4.gif
AABBBCC	Xi Pacmanicus XI	The sky is a dim cerulean.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif		
AABBCAA	Gamma Benedict III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
AABBCAB	Rho Moore V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
AABBCAC	Pi Jones III	The sky is a brilliant red, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb4.gif
AABBCBA	Xi Goldthwait I	The sky is an oppressive orange, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
AABBCBB	Phi Crustulus VII	The sky is blue fading into magenta near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
AABBCBC	Epsilon Jones VIII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
AABBCCA	Bellegrandus Haskell X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
AABBCCB	Rho Simon II	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
AABBCCC	Dickbutkus King IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta18.gif		sgalienb9.gif
AABCAAA	Beta Reagan XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb3.gif		
AABCAAB	Yodeli Thompson V	The sky is pink fading into silver near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
AABCAAC	Upsilon Disraeli IV	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of silver-colored clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb4.gif
AABCABA	Gamma Benedict III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala7.gif	
AABCABB	Rho Moore V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
AABONQV	Kappa Steadwick VII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala7.gif	
AADLMZE	Dickbutkus Harris III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
AAHNBWX	Psi Nelson IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red, punctuated by mottled cornflower-colored and blue-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
AAIPQFF	Upsilon Unicornius VII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb6.gif
AAJEPQS	Pi Perfunctus XI	The sky is a vivid brown, dotted by occasional wispy cerulean-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala4.gif	
AAJIRYK	Tau Fredfordus IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta2.gif		
AAKWUVT	Nu Paulreiserus I	The sky is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
AALAAAD	Omicron Linoleus VI	The sky is a uniform pink, punctuated by mottled pale blue and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala4.gif	
AALMIQV	Lambda Fredfordus X	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgaliena6.gif
AALOAAJ	Phi Pacmanicus VII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.			
AAPWCZE	Mu Hippidipsus XI	The sky is a dim rose.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
AAQNFPB	Upsilon Milkius XI	The sky is fuchsia fading into red near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
AAQSOZY	Kappa Unicornius IV	The planet's sky is a uniform red, and a violet-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	
AARRGHH	Eta Pacmanicus XI	The planet's sky is a dim green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
AARRRGH	Eta Zevon II	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
AASRPEM	Chi Black XI	The sky is orange fading into vermilion near the horizon, speckled with puffy burgundy-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.			
AATQOUE	Zeta Crematorius V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.			
AAUJQRR	Alpha Huxtable VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
AAVNVAQ	Goldthwait Rudd III	The planet's sky is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
AAXJZWU	Kappa Dudebaddus X	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, punctuated by mottled black and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta9.gif		
AAZIKNO	Zeta Goldthwait VII	The planet's sky is an oppressive mauve.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
ABAAAAA	Pi Belletaco XI	The sky is a brilliant green, punctuated by mottled yellow-colored and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta1.gif		
ABAAAAB	Eta Diverticulus III	The planet's sky is a hazy red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ABABYBE	Xi Easthouse VI	The sky is an oppressive pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.			
ABACABA	Cheetus McDurkee I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
ABACADA	Psi Clinton IX	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb4.gif
ABACTOR	Alpha Mack VII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb7.gif
ABALONE	Beta Bubblewrapium VI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif		
ABALTAD	Xi Salisbury XI	The sky is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgaliena7.gif
ABANDED	Theta Polepositioni VIII	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
ABANDON	Molotov Stemple IX	The planet's sky is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
ABASERS	Rho Black V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
ABASHED	Fritus Woodward I	The sky above the horizon is a bleached orange, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif		
ABASHES	Unicornius Thompson VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
ABASIAS	Microscopius O'Reilly V	The planet's sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.		sganimala17.gif	sgaliena9.gif
ABASING	Nu Black IX	The sky is a hazy yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
ABATERS	Pi Dudebaddus V	The sky is an oppressive pink, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta3.gif		sgaliena2.gif
ABATING	Lambda Goldthwait VII	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta11.gif		
ABBAAAA	Xi Fredfordus XI	The sky is a deep green, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta3.gif		
ABBABBA	Cheetus McDurkee I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
ABBAFAN	Rho Shatner XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb3.gif	
ABCABCA	Tau Adams VIII	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
ABCBCBA	Sigma Cartwright I	The sky is orange fading into chartreuse near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The sky is moonless.			
ABCDCBA	Theta Steadwick VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala6.gif	
ABCDEFG	Omega Allen IX	The planet's sky is a bright green, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
ABDAAAA	Chi Thompson I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif		
ABIGTIT	Lambda Fustulus I	The planet's sky is a bright orange, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalc1.gif	
ABSCOND	Iota Belletaco XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant brown, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ABUGPOE	Gamma Shannahan VII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
ABYKWXT	Unicornius Washington VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta20.gif		sgalienb10.gif
ABZXRIX	Mu Clinton VII	The sky is a hazy blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
ACAAAAA	Sigma Reynolds IV	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb7.gif	
ACADQOU	Trixrabbitus Nichols II	The sky is vermilion fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena10.gif
ACAGSRL	Tau Blivebarkerus IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb2.gif
ACAKAIM	Blivebarkerus Paulson V	The planet's sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
ACBCDCE	Psi Mills VIII	The sky is a bleached green, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif		
ACBTBOY	Omega Belletaco VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta10.gif		sgalienb5.gif
ACETONE	Omega O'Reilly VI	The sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta6.gif		
ACFLCRT	Gromulus Clinton VII	The sky is a hazy blue, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ACQSPYK	Alpha Diggusduggus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a dim ochre.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb6.gif		
ACRIMBO	Zeta Perambulus X	The sky above the horizon is a pale green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ACTFSWO	Sigma Slobulus V	The sky is pink fading into turquoise near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
ADCBACA	Tau Zevon VIII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		
ADEAVPJ	Lambda Saladus X	The sky is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	
ADFNRAL	Phi Dominatrix I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
ADGJLMB	Theta Equipajus VII	The planet's sky is a vivid blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
ADHUUIA	Theta Conjunctivitus IV	The planet's sky is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
ADKXBVY	Corpulus Des Moines VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ADMEXTJ	Delta Waldorfus VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ADMTMKE	Sigma North I	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
ADOREME	Xi Microscopius V	The sky is a deep pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
ADORESU	Chi Corpulus IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgaliena5.gif
ADRAGON	Gamma Hippidipsus VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim lavender.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
ADUFUWL	Chi Brooks VIII	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta6.gif		
ADWFSBW	Bubblewrapium Jones I	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb9.gif		
ADZRALQ	Gamma Lee VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue, punctuated by mottled grey and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
AECEYUP	Psi Shannahan X	The sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
AEELZLA	Omicron Linoleus IX	The sky is a uniform yellow, dominated by a system of taupe-colored rings.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala4.gif	
AEEZXIT	Epsilon Pacmanicus I	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange, with a dense covering of viridian-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
AEGSYIU	Diverticulus Allen VIII	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.			
AEGXFDX	Gamma Mexicanus III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
AEJQVAT	Eta Paulreiserus IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
AELEVEN	Gamma Anderson X	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
AENIMUS	Omicron Allopecius VII	The sky is a bleached blue, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
AEPVFPL	Phlebitis Stemple II	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy ruby-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
AEROGEL	Pacmanicus Garcia III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc3.gif		sgaliena10.gif
AERVLUS	Omega Haggard I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform pink, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
AETGVHY	Zeta Young II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif		
AEUEKZP	Sigma Pennington V	The sky is fuchsia fading into rose near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif		
AFAIRYS	Chi Paulreichus I	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif		sgalienb5.gif
AFHHPCT	Omega Bob X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
AFOGLYE	Xi Cancerus I	The sky is a deep orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala11.gif	
AFVYMUU	Tau Pacmanicus III	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta3.gif		
AGAYYTA	Chi Bellegrandus VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		
AGCHCTC	Delta Microscopius XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep green, punctuated by mottled white and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
AGKBLHQ	Nu Cooper IX	The sky is a hazy puce.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
AGKJNRT	Upsilon Black XI	The sky is purple fading into azure near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
AGREAOC	Pi Linoleus III	The sky is a uniform red, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.			
AGRPWHJ	Sigma Waldorf X	The sky is red fading into golden near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
AGUCMXZ	Pi Crustulus IV	The sky is a bright red, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
AGVOMNQ	Rho Simon III	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb8.gif
AGWCPRE	Mu Davis XI	The sky is a brilliant green.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb7.gif
AHAKXBR	Phi Goldthwait I	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
AHHHHHH	Kappa Tyler IV	The planet's sky is a hazy red, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif		
AHLKDPY	Xi Mexicanus IV	The sky is a dim red, with a dense covering of green-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala12.gif	
AHNDIHR	Omicron Jackson VI	The sky is a brilliant pink, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.			
AHRPSTA	Tau Wilson V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
AHUUHIK	Bearthurus Bush IX	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.		sganimala19.gif	
AHVRJRU	Omicron Meadows IV	The sky is a pale red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
AHWWWBQ	Upsilon Blivebarkerus IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
AIIBFZA	Zeta Thompson VIII	The planet's sky is a uniform blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif		sgalienb8.gif
AIIXWXK	Zeta Shafer VIII	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
AIKESPG	Crunkuli McCartney I	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
AIMFSPU	Beta Johnson I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
AINCCLQ	Phi Williams VIII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb4.gif	
AINXYNY	Gronulus Symington V	The sky is a bleached pink.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb9.gif	
AIRSHIP	Zeta Cromulus III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy azure-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
AIZTJCP	Upsilon Rutgers VIII	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.		sganimala6.gif	
AJAAAAA	Pi Jackson I	The sky is a brilliant orange, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
AJHQQQV	Pi Hippidipsus IX	The sky is a dim yellow, punctuated by mottled grey and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
AJIZMYU	Diverticulus North I	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled emerald-colored and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
AJLSFHY	Blivebarkerus Martinez VI	The planet's sky is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
AJOLCXA	Mu Berry VI	The sky is a bright blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
AJQOWOS	Lambda Reagan XI	The sky is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
AJZEZSP	Lambda Humptydumptus XI	The sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
AKAAAAA	Xi Des Moines VIII	The sky is a pale yellow.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena4.gif
AKGDDVD	Pi Conjunctivitus IV	The sky is a hazy pink, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta4.gif		sgaliena2.gif
AKIZBVD	Bubblewrapium McDonald VI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif		sgalienb9.gif
AKNIZZR	Goldthwait Robinson V	The planet's sky is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
AKPNTQR	Upsilon Molotov IX	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	
AKSXBWB	Pi Pelicanus VII	The sky is a dim blue, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.			
AKUDUWI	Omega Diggusduggus V	The sky is crimson fading into red near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
AKVGJTV	Iota Dickbutkus IV	The planet's sky is a uniform red, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
AKVPSXI	Upsilon Nichols V	The sky is pink fading into azure near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
AKYPXMO	Epsilon Molotov VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
ALABAST	Microscopius Garcia XI	The planet's sky is a deep sienna.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgaliena10.gif
ALABITE	Omicron Dominatrix II	The sky is a uniform orange, punctuated by mottled black and grey clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
ALACEHO	Alpha Trixrabbitus VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
ALADDIN	Epsilon Humptydumptus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena2.gif
ALAGEHZ	Tau Linoleus X	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
ALAMIDA	Lambda Humptydumptus V	The planet's sky is a dim pink, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb5.gif
ALCOHOL	Eta Humptydumptus II	The planet's sky is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb2.gif
ALDRHQA	Alpha Nipperus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
ALHLFCP	Zeta Smith III	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
ALIBABA	Zeta Taylor VIII	The planet's sky is a dim blue.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		
ALLADIN	Alpha King X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ALLEGRO	Omicron O'Kelly IX	The sky is a bleached yellow, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
ALLONSY	Eta Dudebaddus III	The planet's sky is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	
ALMTOXZ	Beta Dominatrix XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform turquoise.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
ALPHAAZ	Beta Goodman XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale periwinkle.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
ALTRINA	Cancerus Garfield I	The planet's sky is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		
ALTRNIA	Zeta McDurkee III	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
ALUGCON	Mu Davis XI	The sky is a brilliant green.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ALVINNN	Nu Haskell IV	The sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb8.gif	
ALWJYUP	Omega Clark IX	The planet's sky is a bright blue, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb8.gif	
ALXKFOS	Pi Fritus I	The sky is a pale orange, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ALXOIRC	Humptydumptus Hernandez VI	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta17.gif		sgaliena9.gif
ALZFHFP	Alpha Jones I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
AMAZONA	Gamma Disraeli IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb7.gif
AMERICA	Theta Stemple V	The planet's sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif		sgaliena8.gif
AMFKCUD	Theta Benedict III	The planet's sky is a dim red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
AMIIXXV	Rho Lennon XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.			sgaliena3.gif
AMIVYFW	Hamburguesus Shafer II	The planet's sky is a uniform orange, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
AMOLLYA	Epsilon North XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
AMPCLBI	Cromulus Rodriguez III	The sky is a deep red, speckled with puffy chartreuse-colored clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.			
AMPHCDY	Gamma Equipajus XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif		
AMTHGTB	Perfunctus Meadows II	The planet's sky is a pale orange, dominated by a system of grey rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta19.gif		
AMVBGMY	Omicron Haggard VII	The sky is a pale blue, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala13.gif	
AMXBDXC	Kappa Simon VI	The planet's sky is a pale blue, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
ANALPAL	Upsilon Milkius XI	The sky is fuchsia fading into red near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
ANALSEX	Slobulus Wilson VI	The sky is a brilliant pink, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta20.gif		sgalienb10.gif
ANANGEL	Iota Conjunctivitus II	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
ANATOLE	Bob O'Reilly II	The sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ANCIENT	Iota Smith II	The planet's sky is a uniform orange, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
ANDROID	Gamma Pacmanicus II	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ANEKGIV	Nu Bush X	The sky is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala13.gif	
ANGELES	Nu Robinson VII	The sky is a deep blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif		
ANGELIC	Trixrabbitus Hathaway X	The sky is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta19.gif		
ANGIELL	Iota Tyler IX	The planet's sky is a dim yellow, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
ANGUISH	Upsilon Mousketeerus VIII	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The sky is moonless.			
ANGZUGH	Bubblewrapium Martinez VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep navy.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ANISEED	Paulreichus Steadwick III	The planet's sky is a bleached red, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
ANLDQJX	Leprus Goldthwait VI	The planet's sky is an oppressive magenta, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
ANLVUIL	Upsilon Hall XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
ANORMAL	Sigma Taylor V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
ANOTHER	Sigma Pelicanus X	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
ANTARES	Omega White II	The planet's sky is a pale green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.			sgaliena3.gif
ANTIFAS	Psi Shafer IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb4.gif
ANWUVVA	Iota Saladus VII	The planet's sky is a vivid blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb5.gif		
ANZIVPQ	Eta Buck II	The planet's sky is a bright orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala16.gif	
AOAAAAA	Chi Paulreiserus V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
AOAKOJC	Kappa Equipajus XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb6.gif		
AODJPAI	Dickbutkus Smith I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		
AOHUAML	Omicron North XI	The sky is a hazy green, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
AOKKIXS	Beta Goldthwait V	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive gray.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
AORKXTE	Crematorius Garcia V	The sky is a deep pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta19.gif		
AORQTCV	Conjunctivitus Nicholson V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
AOUVGPF	Beta Cooper XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy cornflower.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
AOVBHKR	Sigma Allopecius XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif		
AOWFOGT	Tau McDurkee II	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, speckled with puffy blue-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
APDHFOO	Tau Perambulus XI	The sky is silver fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta3.gif		
APESPGG	Leprus Goodman III	The planet's sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala19.gif	
APHTLET	Eta Molotov X	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb6.gif
APJFLXT	Mu Noriega XI	The sky is a hazy ultramarine.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala14.gif	
APMQZAX	Beta Harris XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.			
APOLLOB	Chi Reaganus VII	The sky is an oppressive gray.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.			
APOLOGY	Omega Martinez VIII	The planet's sky is a bright orange, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala13.gif	
APPLEPI	Lambda Diverticulus X	The sky is a hazy sepia.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta11.gif		sgalienb6.gif
APQOBGM	Upsilon Harrison II	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
APSPQMD	Lambda Saladus VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid blue, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.			
APUCUGP	Lambda Slobulus IX	The planet's sky is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	The sky is moonless.			
APWEDQX	Lambda Easthouse VII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala5.gif	
AQBRZEJ	Hippidipsus Thompson VI	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb10.gif
AQFTCPH	Gamma Disraeli IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
AQHHXEO	Omega White II	The planet's sky is a pale green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
AQJMKUP	Phi Dominatrix X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, and a turquoise-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.		sganimala4.gif	sgaliena2.gif
AQOJOJM	Beta Fredfordus V	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif		sgaliena1.gif
AQQOBJV	Gamma Goldthwait II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb5.gif
AQQQQQQ	Beta Leprus VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
AQSWBNB	Epsilon Cheetus X	The sky above the horizon is a pale green, punctuated by mottled pale blue and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
AQUJSBG	Omega Thomas VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
AQUJVPN	Kappa Humptydumptus IX	The planet's sky is a dim yellow, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif		sgalienb5.gif
AQYXVUY	Tau Garfunkel VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
AQZNHMZ	Discothecus Berry V	The sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
ARABEST	Nu Khan XI	The sky is a vivid green.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
ARAGORN	Sigma Hippidipsus VIII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
ARAMADA	Gronulus Wallace I	The sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ARCANUM	Eta Bananaramus X	The planet's sky is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
ARDBERG	Epsilon Des Moines VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
ARDUINO	Eta Molotov X	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb6.gif	
AREPIUP	Pi Pacmanicus II	The sky is a dim orange, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ARIZONA	Epsilon Bubblewrapium IV	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red, punctuated by mottled grey and green-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
ARJCDUN	Upsilon Conjunctivitus XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ARJKAXZ	Tau Washington XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc3.gif		
ARJLOYH	Rho Cromulus IX	The sky is purple fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif		sgalienb2.gif
ARKHAMS	Lambda Peterson XI	The planet's sky is a bleached green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb7.gif
AROBASA	Theta Nichols V	The planet's sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb4.gif		
ARRAKIS	Sigma Allopecius XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala4.gif	
ARRRRRR	Psi Jones VII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala15.gif	
ARSENIC	Theta Crustulus IX	The planet's sky is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
ARUTNUK	Alpha Humptydumptus IV	The sky above the horizon is a bright red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
ARVYTYO	Gamma Woodward VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
ARWVXCK	Phi Linoleus IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, and a emerald-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
ARXHCIK	Rho Molotov III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala2.gif	
ASBSSGB	Gamma Lepidopterus IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	
ASDFGHJ	Dominatrix Symington II	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
ASFFECB	Omicron Misogynus XI	The sky is a bleached green, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
ASNAUVD	Rho Fritus X	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta9.gif		sgaliena5.gif
ASOGSEK	Bubblicius Reagan VII	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of mauve-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
ASQWFTN	Mu Linoleus IV	The sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
ASSBUTT	Lambda Nelson VI	The planet's sky is a pale blue, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
ASSDZOV	Psi Paulson X	The sky is a dim orange, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
ASSWIPE	Tau McNichols XI	The sky is teal fading into red near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.			
ASTRONA	Eta Jones III	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
ASUHGAU	Delta Crematorius VII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	
ATBVMQO	Perfunctus Rudd X	The sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
ATFNCAO	Tau Perfunctus I	The sky is amber fading into chartreuse near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta10.gif		
ATGTQNJ	Nu Hamburguesus I	The sky is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ATLANTA	Nu Linoleus VII	The sky is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		
ATMAWYM	Iota Washington VI	The planet's sky is a dim pink, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif		sgaliena3.gif
ATMDPKF	Pi Polepositioni IV	The sky is a dim red, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
ATOYOTA	Omicron Bearthurus XI	The sky is a brilliant green, dominated by a system of indigo-colored rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
ATZXJJT	Delta Benedict VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.			
AUGOLMV	Iota King IV	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, punctuated by mottled grey and turquoise-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.			
AUGSTUS	Alpha Lennon I	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
AUGUSTI	Iota White III	The planet's sky is a deep red, dominated by a system of white rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
AUHTQQP	Iota Meadows III	The planet's sky is a pale red, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta15.gif		sgalienb8.gif
AUKECLV	Allopecius McDurkee X	The sky is a uniform green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb10.gif
AUKLXGG	Sigma Belvedere III	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
AUNNDGT	Eta Madison VIII	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
AUOKISI	Psi O'Reilly II	The sky is a pale pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
AUOWXYT	Omega Cartwright II	The sky is a pale yellow, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
AUVTICB	Chi Madison I	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
AVARICE	Zeta Thompson IX	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif		
AVKHKGP	Eta Garcia IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb4.gif
AVLHOCD	Cardboardius Thomas III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
AVOYGUC	Chi King XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive green, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.			
AVRHQKE	Iota Young V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala15.gif	
AVSBXKE	Chi Cattusdoggus IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.			
AVSYYYJ	Tau Dickbutkus VIII	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb6.gif
AVTSTKV	Theta Shannahan XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
AVUBFPW	Kappa Garfunkel I	The planet's sky is a pale orange, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
AWNZJQY	Reaganus King II	The planet's sky is a pale green, and a mauve-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala20.gif	
AWWAAWW	Diverticulus Romero VII	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala18.gif	sgaliena9.gif
AWXFJPX	Lambda Harris VIII	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
AXAHOKH	Psi Romero X	The sky is yellow fading into mauve near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
AXBXCXD	Pi Pelicanus VII	The sky is a dim blue, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		
AXFZFWB	Theta McDonald XI	The planet's sky is a uniform burgundy.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
AXJHXYS	Omicron Anderson V	The sky is a brilliant pink, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
AXMQXRE	Gronulus Salisbury IX	The sky is a pale yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
AXPBGVR	Xi Microscopius XI	The sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb5.gif	sgaliena5.gif
AXPUTBO	Sigma Goodman VI	The sky is pink fading into azure near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
AXQLINL	Pannus Lennon XI	The sky is ruby fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled cream-colored and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The sky is moonless.			
AXUDCZA	Psi Pannus IX	The sky is yellow fading into cornflower near the horizon, speckled with puffy sienna-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.			
AYGFSNC	Diggusduggus Adams XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb9.gif
AYGISQA	Sigma Lee VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala15.gif	
AYHLZTT	Sigma Molotov VII	The sky is viridian fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala12.gif	sgaliena6.gif
AYQAAAH	Theta Corpulus VI	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb2.gif	sgaliena2.gif
AYRKBGW	Nu Dunn IX	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
AYUWLSC	Psi Easthouse X	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb4.gif		
AYVBJSQ	Psi Conjunctivitus VI	The sky is yellow fading into salmon near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgaliena5.gif
AZDKVWH	Nu Molotov XI	The sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgaliena6.gif
AZEAEDZ	Psi Walker XI	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, punctuated by mottled white and gray-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
AZFHQTR	Psi Hall IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
AZGLHAO	Psi Crustulus I	The sky is a uniform yellow, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
AZJKURV	Omega Goldthwait I	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
AZJPBHC	Fustulus King I	The sky is a vivid orange, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
AZQHNRF	Nu Saladus VIII	The sky is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
AZQQMWX	Phi Adams I	The sky is auburn fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
AZSGRMI	Xi Thompson VIII	The sky is a uniform yellow, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
AZSNNST	Beta Scabrus XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgaliena5.gif
AZUEXTP	Reaganus Noriega I	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
AZXOCFN	Dudebaddus Westinghouse X	The sky is green fading into azure near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala19.gif	
AZZZZZZ	Doritus Huxtable XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
BAAAAAA	Blivebarkerus Nipperus X	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc3.gif		sgalienb10.gif
BAAAAAB	Iota Moore IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif		
BAAAAAC	Discothecus Clark VII	The sky is a deep blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif		
BAAAAAD	Delta King IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
BAAAAAE	Corpulus Reagan X	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
BAAAAAF	Upsilon Johnson XI	The sky is sienna fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif		
BAAAAAG	Mu Fredfordus IX	The sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	
BAAAAAH	Discothecus Smith X	The sky is a uniform green.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
BAAAAAI	Eta Haggard XI	The planet's sky is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
BAAAAAJ	Cardboardius Hall II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
BAAAAAK	Phi Cartwright III	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
BAAAAAL	Pi Romero VIII	The sky is an oppressive blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb3.gif		sgaliena3.gif
BAAAAAM	Gamma Westinghouse IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
BAAAAAN	Perfunctus Nite VII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue, dominated by a system of sienna-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
BAAAAAO	Theta Mills I	The planet's sky is a bright orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta14.gif		
BAAINGS	Pannus Zevon IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
BAALISM	Beta Pelicanus X	The sky above the horizon is a dim green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.			
BAARAMU	Upsilon Draper V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.			
BABACNO	Omega Smith X	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.			
BABALOO	Kappa McMahon VI	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb7.gif
BABYLON	Crematorius Huxtable III	The sky is an oppressive cerulean.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
BACABAC	Zeta Stemple XI	The planet's sky is a bright green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.			
BADCATS	Omega Lewis VI	The planet's sky is a vivid red, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
BADDUDE	Kappa Capulet V	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
BADOODH	Omega Dudebaddus XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
BADRTUG	Eta Crunkuli XI	The planet's sky is a bright sepia.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
BADWOLF	Lambda Cancerus VI	The planet's sky is a deep pink, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb6.gif	
BAGHDAD	Kappa Clinton I	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
BAHIMNE	Phi Pelicanus X	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of scarlet-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
BALELWG	Omega Bob X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta11.gif		
BALOGNA	Nu Cartwright I	The sky is a bleached orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
BALUNGO	Kappa Diggusduggus X	The planet's sky is a dim green, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
BAMMMCY	Chi Jones IV	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
BANANAS	Omicron Abbrevianus II	The sky is a hazy red, punctuated by mottled pink and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
BANDANA	Iota Humptydumptus III	The planet's sky is a dim red, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta9.gif		
BARARDO	Iota Humptydumptus III	The planet's sky is a dim red, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
BARBARA	Xi Martinez VIII	The sky is a deep yellow, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala13.gif	
BARCODE	Pelicanus Shafer II	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta19.gif		sgalienb10.gif
BAROQUE	Rho Dudebaddus V	The sky is white fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
BAUQCYG	Omicron Cancerus X	The sky is a deep green, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb5.gif
BAYQQSL	Zeta Garfunkel V	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, punctuated by mottled pink and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
BBAAAAA	Mu Salisbury X	The sky is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	
BBBBBBA	Zeta Waldorfus X	The planet's sky is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta1.gif		
BBBBBBB	Sigma Cartwright I	The sky is orange fading into chartreuse near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala15.gif	
BBBBBBC	Nu Crunkuli XI	The sky is a bright lavender.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta4.gif		
BBBBBBD	Cancerus Romero II	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
BBHALAF	Phi Adams X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
BBJFNPU	Dudebaddus Huxtable VIII	The sky is a brilliant blue, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
BBKZGEF	Xi Belletaco IX	The sky is a brilliant yellow, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.		sganimala1.gif	
BBLEALF	Omicron Cartwright IV	The sky is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
BBNGAPE	Omicron Nite I	The sky is a bleached orange, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
BBORGUP	Nu Nicholson VIII	The sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
BBPYATX	Eta Goodman II	The planet's sky is a pale red.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif		
BBTBIUQ	Lambda Phlebitis VII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
BBYBDZH	Zeta Fredfordus III	The planet's sky is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
BBYWRLD	Cheetus Young XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala20.gif	
BCAAFFA	Psi Harris XI	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
BCBCBCB	Psi Crustulus X	The sky is a dim blue, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.			
BCDEFGH	Delta Perfunctus VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink, dominated by a system of black-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta12.gif		
BCEVKSU	Eta Dyxichix XI	The planet's sky is a bleached fuchsia.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb6.gif		
BCHZTVS	Delta Mexicanus IV	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
BCIOHKU	Omega McDurkee III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
BCLHEFL	Cancerus Paulson I	The planet's sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
BCMBDYG	Chi Adams XI	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
BCMHRXM	Upsilon Young VII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of olive-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala15.gif	
BCUMYHK	Iota Milkius XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.		sganimala9.gif	
BCXRAER	Omicron Crustulus IV	The sky is a bright red, dominated by a system of white rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.		sganimala2.gif	
BDKKGVB	Waldorfus Shatner VIII	The sky is a bleached crimson.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb9.gif	
BDOGFUK	Kappa Hamburguesus X	The planet's sky is a vivid green, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		
BDPHMBN	Discothecus Young XI	The sky is a bleached auburn.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
BDPYJFJ	Cardboardius Hathaway XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalc3.gif	
BDRAGON	Pi Perambulus XI	The sky is a pale black, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
BDTIBNA	Xi Reagan VIII	The sky is a hazy blue, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb8.gif
BDTJEXI	Iota Draper VII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of vermilion-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
BEARSEX	Bellegrandus McDonald II	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb10.gif
BEATLES	Sigma Slobulus XI	The sky is salmon fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala12.gif	
BEAVERS	Rho Rudd VIII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
BEDKLXG	Gamma Abbrevianus XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy ochre, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
BEERCAT	Beta Buck VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgaliena7.gif
BEFORUS	Iota Stemple VI	The planet's sky is a bright pink, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb3.gif
BEGKQLK	Psi Disraeli I	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.			
BELEVEN	Alpha Dominatrix XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif		
BELUCKY	Psi Young XI	The sky is an oppressive orange, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
BENJKKH	Kappa Fustulus VIII	The planet's sky is a bright yellow, speckled with puffy white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgaliena2.gif
BEOZIFT	Allopecius Hall V	The sky is a vivid pink, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
BEPXTNK	Eta Fredfordus X	The planet's sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif		sgalienb2.gif
BERLIOZ	Eta Cardboardius III	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb1.gif	
BERUSKI	Iota Milkius VII	The planet's sky is a vivid blue, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala4.gif	
BESPOKE	Eta Sullivan IX	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
BESTONE	Phlebitis Brown IV	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala17.gif	
BESVJKI	Psi Spitzner VI	The sky is a vivid pink, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
BETDWRJ	Theta Buck IX	The planet's sky is a bright purple.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
BETWEEN	Upsilon Cooper VIII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb8.gif
BEUZWOD	Eta Mexicanus IX	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala10.gif	
BFAAAAA	Alpha Cheetus IV	The sky above the horizon is a pale ecru.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala11.gif	
BFFFWXC	Upsilon Nicholson VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif		
BFTSSAB	Tau Saladus III	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala10.gif	
BFWKDVJ	Tau Steadwick X	The sky is violet fading into olive near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
BFYTALF	Zeta Symington IX	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc3.gif		sgaliena7.gif
BGAAAAA	Mexicanus Stipe II	The sky is beige fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala19.gif	
BGDYFEB	Epsilon Taylor I	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.			
BGVJYLL	Zeta Martin IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif		
BGZQUED	Omega Woodward XI	The sky is an oppressive red, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
BHHIGDJ	Omega Reagan II	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
BHHZSKZ	Bubblicius Black X	The sky is blue fading into mauve near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
BHJHKYB	Dominatrix Lennon II	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala19.gif	
BHPYTQO	Pi Trixrabbitus IX	The sky is an oppressive yellow, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala3.gif	sgaliena2.gif
BHQWZBV	Pi Fredfordus X	The sky is a deep yellow, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.			
BHSWONE	Kappa Dominatrix XI	The planet's sky is a uniform green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgaliena1.gif
BHUHFNX	Pi Sullivan IX	The sky is a vivid yellow, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
BHXEZWP	Phi Saladus XI	The sky is taupe fading into mustard near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
BIACCKB	Phi Cardboardius II	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala2.gif	
BICYCLE	Alpha Polepositioni VIII	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala10.gif	sgaliena5.gif
BIFHYBU	Nu O'Kelly XI	The sky is a bleached green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
BIGBANG	Iota Clinton I	The planet's sky is a hazy azure, punctuated by mottled white and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
BIGYQCJ	Cardboardius Hathaway XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala20.gif	
BIHNQMB	Xi Pacmanicus V	The sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
BILLNYE	Nu Goldthwait I	The sky is an oppressive auburn.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif		sgalienb8.gif
BISMUTH	Omicron Milkius IX	The sky is a vivid yellow, with a dense covering of teal-colored clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
BIXUEIU	Eta Allopecius XI	The planet's sky is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
BIZHAFU	Cromulus Taylor III	The sky is a brilliant red, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta19.gif		
BJAAAAA	Paulreichus Thompson VIII	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow, punctuated by mottled pale blue and brown-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
BJKDWCK	Psi Washington III	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
BJPIVZY	Phi Bubblicius III	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta11.gif		sgalienb6.gif
BJRKWZY	Dyxichix Haggard V	The sky is a pale pink.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
BJSHUMP	Lambda Haskell VII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
BJSYBOS	Gamma Slobulus X	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala1.gif	
BKAAAAA	Crunkuli Lennon X	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
BKAICAA	Gamma Diverticulus III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
BKAUDIF	Omega Reaganus III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb1.gif	
BKEBPJM	Lambda Cooper I	The sky is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif		sgaliena3.gif
BKEMYVR	Beta Goldthwait X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
BKFOBZV	Eta Garcia VII	The planet's sky is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
BKKKSXV	Lambda Rutgers VII	The planet's sky is a bright blue, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb7.gif
BKQODET	Tau North V	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		sgaliena7.gif
BKQSLWM	Pi Young IX	The sky is a bleached yellow, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgaliena4.gif
BKSTFWP	Omicron Cartwright XI	The sky is a bleached green, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb4.gif
BKVOLXM	Theta Fritus XI	The planet's sky is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif		sgalienb5.gif
BKWJLIN	Bubblicius Benedict X	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
BKZBHEV	Mu Microscopius IV	The sky is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgaliena6.gif
BLNJBOJ	Billclintonus Isaacson III	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	The sky is moonless.			
BLNXUYH	Sigma Westinghouse X	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala5.gif	
BLOFELD	Epsilon Berry I	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange, dominated by a system of black rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb7.gif		
BLOWJOB	Diggusduggus Smith V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
BLUBELL	Omicron Stemple VII	The sky is a bright blue, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb3.gif
BLUNDER	Omega Perfunctus VII	The planet's sky is a vivid orange, punctuated by mottled black and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.		sganimala10.gif	
BLUTHCO	Sigma Unicornius II	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif		sgalienb2.gif
BLXCGYJ	Psi Mott X	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
BMAAAAA	Tau Cheetus VIII	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy maroon-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
BMAEVAK	Kappa Jackson XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant sienna, punctuated by mottled white and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb3.gif
BMBAIZW	Hippidipsus Taylor VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala17.gif	
BMBULEZ	Lambda Molotov VIII	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala11.gif	
BMXDXLV	Reaganus Steadwick IV	The sky is a brilliant blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc3.gif		
BMZPTEW	Upsilon Goodman VIII	The sky is olive fading into red near the horizon, and a rose-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif		
BNAAAAA	Omega Young V	The sky is a deep blue, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta7.gif		
BNGQLHA	Alpha Goldthwait VII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala4.gif	
BNHHNLE	Epsilon Isaacson III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgaliena7.gif
BNJFIFT	Epsilon Shatner II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala14.gif	
BNJWLJD	Zeta Bush VIII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
BNLPMJK	Delta Harris II	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb3.gif
BNNVPXS	Kappa Smith V	The planet's sky is a pale pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala8.gif	
BNNXVAD	Pi O'Sullivan VII	The sky is a vivid blue, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
BNODJTX	Beta Isaacson XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
BNPEJTO	Chi Noriega XI	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb3.gif
BNQCPKO	Xi Lewis V	The sky is a deep pink, dotted by occasional wispy auburn-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb8.gif
BNSJQMI	Phi North II	The sky is olive fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta15.gif		
BNWWFRD	Kappa Lennon VI	The planet's sky is a hazy pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala15.gif	
BOBSLED	Nu Abbrevianus X	The sky is a hazy ruby.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb2.gif
BOCIDOW	Gamma DuPree VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
BOGNORT	Omega Billclintonus X	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
BOHRIUM	Phi Goldthwait VIII	The sky is purple fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgaliena7.gif
BOJGBCT	Theta Benedict III	The planet's sky is a dim red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
BONKERS	Blivebarkerus Sullivan XI	The planet's sky is a bleached lavender.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
BOOBIES	Omega Paulson X	The sky is a dim blue, speckled with puffy taupe-colored clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala15.gif	
BOOGERS	Misogynus Pennington VII	The sky is a bleached blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
BOQFJCP	Cardboardius O'Reilly III	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb9.gif
BOREDOM	Phi Martin VI	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgaliena4.gif
BORRDFV	Gamma Bananaramus IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
BOSNOVP	Zeta Belletaco X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	The sky is moonless.			
BOSSBAT	Pi Westinghouse IV	The sky is an oppressive pink, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala14.gif	sgaliena7.gif
BOYCGGM	Bubblewrapium Thomas IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.		sganimala18.gif	
BPDVZOT	Theta Haggard IV	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
BPHNGJY	Rho Cromulus VI	The sky is blue fading into cerulean near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
BPICFIL	Tau Bearthurus VII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
BPUEYOG	Chi Trixrabbitus IV	The planet's sky is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala2.gif	
BPVCRDJ	Diggusduggus Adams XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
BPVQCSE	Epsilon Pennington VII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb3.gif
BPWLIQJ	Theta Rodriguez IV	The planet's sky is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
BPXHFMW	Gamma Easthouse XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb3.gif		sgaliena3.gif
BPZYIZK	Phi Haggard IX	The sky is viridian fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif		
BQAAAAA	Chi Reaganus XI	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
BQBATOI	Dominatrix Lennon II	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb10.gif
BQBQORR	Delta Cancerus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	
BQLDSYZ	Iota Jones VIII	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue, punctuated by mottled grey and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	
BQPJACA	Xi Bananaramus IV	The sky is an oppressive cream.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
BRAAINS	Omicron Hippidipsus XI	The sky is a dim green, with a dense covering of orange-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	
BRADLEY	Alpha Buck II	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
BRATKHU	Misogynus Pennington VII	The sky is a bleached blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta18.gif		
BRBTFHH	Psi Goldthwait VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
BREASTS	Nu Draper I	The sky is a hazy orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
BRHWBSO	Allopecius Spitzner III	The sky is a bleached cornflower.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
BRIANNA	Omicron Stipe II	The sky is a bright orange, with a dense covering of lilac-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc3.gif		
BRIGAND	Humptydumptus McDurkee I	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif		
BRIRQOK	Sigma Perfunctus V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
BRJFKRK	Bob Franklin III	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta20.gif		
BROMINE	Waldorfus Benedict XI	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.		sganimala20.gif	sgaliena10.gif
BRTPWRD	Epsilon Molotov XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green, with a dense covering of amber-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb6.gif		sgalienb6.gif
BRZRDDK	Delta Leprus VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
BSAAAAA	Pacmanicus McCartney XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
BSCBZXK	Gamma Gronulus IX	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena2.gif
BSCEWYI	Delta Waldorfus IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta3.gif		sgaliena2.gif
BSDCYXS	Paulreichus Mott IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	
BSEOJTI	Lambda Discothecus IX	The sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif		
BSGQSWE	Chi Blivebarkerus V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
BSKPDQC	Upsilon Cancerus X	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
BSNBIWG	Sigma Wilson XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala14.gif	
BSQJSMQ	Beta Goldthwait I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta6.gif		
BSVAFFI	Omicron Paulreichus VI	The sky is a deep pink, punctuated by mottled pale orange and white clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
BSXEUSD	Abbrevianus Stemple XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, with a dense covering of cyan-colored clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb9.gif	
BTCUVNN	Kappa Crematorius VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif		
BTFHMNQ	Epsilon Pennington XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached ecru, and a auburn-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
BTGIUVS	Nu Bellegrandus II	The sky is a brilliant orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
BTSXVJZ	Tau Billclintonus IV	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.		sganimala3.gif	
BTXWVWV	Omicron Bush I	The sky is a hazy orange, punctuated by mottled black and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
BUCBNYZ	Zeta Westinghouse I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive orange, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
BUFPUBC	Bubblicius Black IX	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
BUGBEAR	Diggusduggus Shafer I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif		
BUNBWKO	Gamma Discothecus I	The sky above the horizon is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
BUNNIES	Mu Des Moines V	The sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
BUTTONS	Diverticulus Easthouse V	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy viridian-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgaliena9.gif
BUTTSEX	Beta Microscopius VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	
BUUSTME	Epsilon Jackson II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
BUVUTHX	Pi Bubblicius IV	The sky is an oppressive red, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala3.gif	sgaliena2.gif
BUZZARD	Misogynus Mott XI	The sky is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
BUZZING	Lambda Diggusduggus V	The sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala1.gif	
BVAAAAA	Theta Trixrabbitus II	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala2.gif	sgaliena1.gif
BVBDJMO	Lepidopterus Khan III	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, punctuated by mottled pink and blue-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb9.gif
BVBOZVR	Upsilon Westinghouse V	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
BVCOEIL	Kappa DuPree III	The planet's sky is a pale chartreuse, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
BVFRVJA	Beta Tyler XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim green.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
BVJKGPN	Xi Gromulus IX	The sky is a bright yellow, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.			
BVNHUEU	Lambda Young IV	The planet's sky is a vivid red, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb8.gif
BVPRQEL	Nu Bellegrandus VII	The sky is a brilliant blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb5.gif	
BVTDQXD	Mu Thompson VII	The sky is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc3.gif		
BVXEGUK	Chi Brown V	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
BWBDCNI	Zeta Clark VI	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	
BWKMCTH	Conjunctivitus Wallace XI	The sky is maroon fading into yellow near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
BWLBBDJ	Lambda Cancerus IV	The sky is a deep emerald.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala4.gif	
BWPHYUH	Phi Milkius VI	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
BWPUNJP	Psi Crustulus VII	The sky is a vivid orange, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb6.gif	
BWQNCZK	Upsilon Gronulus IV	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif		sgalienb5.gif
BWRZNFR	Nu Dudebaddus I	The sky is an oppressive orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc1.gif		
BXAAAAA	Lambda Harrison VIII	The sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.		sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
BXJGIAI	Psi Adams I	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
BXMANNC	Omicron Paulson XI	The sky is a bright lavender, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
BXSMSFC	Phi Misogynus IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of beige-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
BXYADZV	Psi Cheetus II	The sky above the horizon is a pale green, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb2.gif	
BXZJYDY	Xi Nelson XI	The sky is a pale green, with a dense covering of cerulean-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
BYAAAAA	Omega Disraeli VI	The planet's sky is a vivid ruby, dominated by a system of purple-colored rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif		
BYAGCOB	Tau Fustulus VIII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta10.gif		
BYMGIKZ	Psi Discothecus XI	The sky is a hazy blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta3.gif		sgalienb2.gif
BYQABJM	Lambda Martinez VII	The planet's sky is a deep blue, with a dense covering of white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
BYSBJKA	Eta Westinghouse IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta16.gif		
BZAAAAA	Lambda Moore VIII	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb8.gif
BZAOXJM	Iota Allopecius VII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue, with a dense covering of white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
BZDXJIZ	Zeta Bob VII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
BZFYVON	Phi Shatner XI	The sky is green fading into sienna near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
BZGKCUD	Theta Dickbutkus I	The planet's sky is a pale orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
BZTBDEP	Nu Bellegrandus III	The sky is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
BZTVSDM	Eta Conjunctivitus VI	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
BZVLPDJ	Nu Pannus IV	The sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
BZWLQCH	Gamma Garcia XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep violet.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
BZWTTHM	Xi Fritus XI	The sky is a pale green, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb6.gif		
CAAAAAA	Pacmanicus Miller V	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif		
CABALAS	Sigma Hippidipsus IV	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
CABANAS	Upsilon Simon XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif		
CABARET	Epsilon Cancerus XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep green, punctuated by mottled black and azure-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta10.gif		
CACBCDC	Gamma Conjunctivitus V	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
CADAVRA	Alpha Jones VII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
CADENCE	Tau Reaganus XI	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
CADMIUM	Corpulus Draper XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
CAFQGPM	Eta Dominatrix VII	The planet's sky is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
CAJIVKB	Iota Belletaco XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant brown, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif		
CALCIUM	Pelicanus Goodman V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.			
CAMACHO	Iota Washington II	The planet's sky is a dim orange, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb7.gif	
CAMELOT	Psi Discothecus VIII	The sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
CAMERON	Chi Symington IV	The sky is a brilliant pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
CAMTYQH	Chi Sanford V	The planet's sky is a brilliant red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
CANTATA	Doritus Bush V	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif		
CAPALDI	Pi Cattusdoggus I	The sky is a uniform orange, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
CAPTURE	Omega Bubblicius V	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	
CAPZLCX	Doritus Shafer IX	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
CARBIDE	Scabrus Easthouse X	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif		
CARBINE	Xi Tyler III	The sky is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
CARCOSA	Iota Tyler IX	The planet's sky is a dim yellow, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
CARNAGE	Unicornius Hall V	The sky above the horizon is a deep golden.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
CARSXLF	Phi Molotov VI	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
CARTOON	Zeta Wilson VII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, with a dense covering of auburn-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		
CASHEWS	Zeta Lepidopterus XI	The planet's sky is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
CASSIDY	Omega Misogynus VI	The sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
CATFISH	Phi Bob XI	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of tan-colored rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
CATLAND	Pi Dominatrix VIII	The sky is a uniform yellow, punctuated by mottled sepia-colored and brown-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
CATZIWN	Psi Woodward I	The sky is a uniform orange, with a dense covering of black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta14.gif		
CAVORTS	Kappa Salisbury XI	The planet's sky is a pale green, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb7.gif
CAYXSBS	Beta Des Moines V	The sky above the horizon is a pale green.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
CAZIRIO	Omicron Des Moines VII	The sky is a pale blue, punctuated by mottled black and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
CAZYYZG	Xi Gronulus III	The sky is a bleached red, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
CBAAAAA	Chi Clinton VIII	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
CBCFUJD	Goldthwait Harris III	The planet's sky is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
CBIVBOY	Lambda Gromulus V	The planet's sky is a bright gray, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta1.gif		
CBTCENL	Omega Belletaco XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		
CBTRIMN	Epsilon Mexicanus XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim ecru, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta11.gif		
CBXNEIO	Dominatrix Peterson II	The sky above the horizon is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif		
CCCCCCC	Gamma Blivebarkerus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta9.gif		
CCKXPCP	Nu DuPree XI	The sky is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
CCLLZUB	Sigma Allopecius II	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb5.gif	
CCMOKDS	Alpha Crunkuli XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright sienna.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif		
CCVGUGR	Zeta Hamburguesus XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta3.gif		
CDEFGHI	Delta Paulreichus VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb2.gif		sgalienb2.gif
CDIPCEX	Psi Lewis V	The planet's sky is a deep teal, dominated by a system of black rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
CDMOYER	Mu Slobulus XI	The sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala2.gif	sgaliena1.gif
CDOSAAA	Bellegrandus Johnson IV	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif		
CDSXYVV	Phi Huxtable VII	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena3.gif
CEAMPKD	Gamma Cattusdoggus IV	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
CECXNEV	Mu Durden II	The sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala8.gif	
CEDOOYO	Misogynus Hernandez IV	The sky is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgaliena10.gif
CEHOTUZ	Beta O'Reilly IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
CELEVEN	Theta Wallace III	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
CELSIUS	Zeta McCartney IX	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		
CENTRAL	Eta Gromulus XI	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
CETDJFZ	Iota Polepositioni VII	The planet's sky is a dim blue, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three small moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
CEZRKOU	Epsilon Garfield V	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, speckled with puffy black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta16.gif		
CFAAAAA	Rho Goodman II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
CFENPOR	Psi Milkius I	The sky is a uniform yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta1.gif		
CFOGUVX	Discothecus Madison IX	The sky is a dim yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb9.gif
CFPLDXL	Tau Lennon V	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb7.gif	
CFWWSAD	Beta Molotov IX	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
CFXRKYQ	Perambulus Young IX	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
CGCARRZ	Pi Lennon VII	The sky is a hazy blue, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.			
CGDBGST	Pi Bush I	The sky is a hazy orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and silver-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif		
CGHQENS	Pi Bubblewrapium II	The sky is a uniform orange, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala11.gif	
CGINASA	Theta Benedict VII	The planet's sky is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
CGLNMUJ	Chi Bellegrandus VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
CGRSPUB	Rho Harris IV	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
CGVIYXY	Omega Jones I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, punctuated by mottled pale blue and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
CHALUPA	Psi Dominatrix III	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
CHAOTIC	Chi Taylor XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb7.gif
CHARISM	Bubblicius Westinghouse I	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb10.gif
CHARRED	Lambda Benedict VI	The sky is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
CHATEAU	Omega Symington II	The sky is a pale rose.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala16.gif	
CHCFZZL	Eta Garcia VII	The planet's sky is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
CHCOFXP	Eta Young VII	The planet's sky is a vivid blue.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala16.gif	
CHESTER	Mu Bearthurus III	The sky is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	
CHEVQMT	Nu Allopecius IV	The sky is a bleached red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb6.gif	
CHEVRON	Lambda Fustulus X	The planet's sky is a bright green, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.			
CHLBIWA	Pi Sanford XI	The sky is an oppressive green, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif		
CHORALE	Xi Linoleus X	The sky is a uniform green, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.			
CHORIZO	Gamma Dudebaddus XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		
CHPTRIC	Tau Reagan VII	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
CHRHLCA	Lambda Fredfordus IV	The planet's sky is a deep red, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta1.gif		
CHRONOS	Beta McDonald IX	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.		sganimala13.gif	
CHVTMAB	Gamma King II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala16.gif	
CHYVOFP	Lepidopterus McNichols X	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow, punctuated by mottled black and vermilion-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb9.gif	
CIAAAAA	Delta Blivebarkerus IX	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow, punctuated by mottled white and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
CIIDNSO	Nu Thomas X	The sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
CIKPKTM	Waldorfus Thompson II	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb9.gif
CIMSSVG	Gamma Slobulus X	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
CIVACDG	Reaganus Goodman II	The sky above the horizon is a pale fuchsia, punctuated by mottled pale orange and yellow-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
CIXZPTY	Lepidopterus Dunn XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale turquoise, dominated by a system of emerald-colored rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
CIZNPWA	Milkius Martinez VI	The sky is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala20.gif	
CIZXMLW	Phi Shafer VII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	
CJAAAAA	Milkius Reagan II	The sky is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala19.gif	
CJCAODR	Conjunctivitus McDurkee I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, punctuated by mottled ecru-colored and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.			
CJCOELF	Tau Waldorfus II	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
CJGMOHG	Omega Disraeli VI	The planet's sky is a vivid red, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif		sgaliena3.gif
CJHNEZK	Zeta Goldthwait VII	The planet's sky is an oppressive mauve.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
CJHZPQZ	Eta Dudebaddus V	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
CJLQXHU	Gamma Sanford XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
CJRCFCK	Alpha Thompson II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
CJSRFXH	Rho Stipe V	The sky is pink fading into cyan near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
CJWZMMP	Mu Gromulus XI	The sky is a bright green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		
CJYSQMS	Upsilon Hernandez III	The sky is burgundy fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb4.gif	sgaliena4.gif
CKAAAAA	Hippidipsus Allen I	The sky is orange fading into amber near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
CKIPQYA	Upsilon Conjunctivitus IV	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
CKMLWWT	Nu Mills VIII	The sky is a bright yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
CKPXPHT	Theta Thompson VII	The planet's sky is a uniform blue.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta6.gif		
CKQCYXQ	Cheetus Woodward XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached aquamarine, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc3.gif	sgaliena9.gif
CKZLEAC	Pi Perfunctus IV	The sky is a vivid pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb2.gif
CLANNIE	Epsilon Smith VI	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
CLAUDIA	Pacmanicus Sanford III	The sky is cerulean fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
CLAVIER	Phi Mott V	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
CLEGXUB	Lambda Garfunkel IV	The planet's sky is a pale red, punctuated by mottled white and pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
CLEMENS	Omicron Shafer IV	The sky is a uniform red, and a vermilion-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
CLFPBXF	Lambda Roosevelt IV	The planet's sky is a dim red, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
CLIMATE	Iota Crustulus XI	The planet's sky is a bright viridian, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
CLOUMOR	Upsilon Tyler III	The sky is chartreuse fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala8.gif	
CLOVERS	Rho Reaganus I	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	
CLQNKBT	Hippidipsus Reagan V	The sky is ruby fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
CLTHAUT	Lambda Mexicanus XI	The planet's sky is a dim green, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
CLYTTXT	Theta O'Mally VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
CMAAAAA	Rho Cheetus VIII	The sky is olive fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
CMCFLTN	Delta McNichols VII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform mauve, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.		sganimala7.gif	
CMIAHSA	Psi Bubblewrapium I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb1.gif	
CMPFZDG	Mu Microscopius XI	The sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
CMQACZO	Goldthwait Rudd III	The planet's sky is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif		
CNAAAAA	Iota Goldthwait V	The planet's sky is a brilliant pink, with a dense covering of cornflower-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb5.gif		
CNFVUJQ	Zeta Nichols IV	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, speckled with puffy silver-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta5.gif		sgaliena3.gif
CNMBMCF	Iota Fredfordus X	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, dominated by a system of grey rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
CNMZJQV	Rho Milkius I	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
CNWGNRR	Tau Billclintonus VIII	The sky is orange fading into violet near the horizon, with a dense covering of black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
CNWYWQS	Chi Garfunkel X	The sky above the horizon is a dim green, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
CNYDUNR	Kappa Cheetus IV	The planet's sky is a pale red, punctuated by mottled white and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
COCOABO	Psi Cartwright VI	The sky is a vivid green, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
COCONUT	Zeta Thompson I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb8.gif		
COCXJJF	Gamma Zevon III	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb4.gif
CODJRWM	Yodeli Zevon XI	The sky is green fading into aquamarine near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
COGSJLC	Epsilon Cartwright X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif		
COGZTBV	Diverticulus Romero VII	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb9.gif	
COLMEUU	Psi Rodriguez VII	The planet's sky is a vivid orange, punctuated by mottled maroon-colored and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
COMBOGO	Psi Billclintonus IX	The sky is a bright orange, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
COMLAVX	Sigma Lewis IX	The sky is yellow fading into beige near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
COMRADE	Theta Fritus VII	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb1.gif
COMUGPH	Dominatrix Thompson IV	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		
CONDOMS	Zeta Belletaco III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb1.gif	
CONTENT	Gamma Cartwright VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif		
CONTROL	Diggusduggus Stemple VI	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
COOKIES	Fustulus Berry X	The sky is a bright green, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb9.gif		
COORONG	Omicron Spitzner IV	The sky is a bleached pink, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
COTYPVC	Alpha Corpulus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.			
COUNCIL	Pi Martinez V	The sky is a deep pink, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
COVFEFE	Nu Bob XI	The sky is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
COXNICW	Epsilon Gronulus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala10.gif	
COZINES	Theta Bob VI	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.			
CPBXNWD	Pelicanus Durden XI	The sky is rose fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif		sgalienb9.gif
CPIQZRS	Epsilon Madison III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.			
CPPKWON	Psi Garcia XI	The planet's sky is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
CPRSXBP	Tau Sullivan II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.		sganimala6.gif	
CPVZRPI	Xi Corpulus V	The sky is a pale pink, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta9.gif		sgalienb5.gif
CPWYRRB	Eta Hathaway V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif		sgaliena4.gif
CPYEDSK	Eta Crustulus IV	The planet's sky is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
CPZDLRI	Rho Crustulus XI	The sky is indigo fading into brown near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
CQAAAAA	Nu Shafer V	The sky is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb4.gif
CQCJEVY	Lepidopterus Hathaway XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached lavender, dominated by a system of viridian-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
CQCOTIH	Alpha Milkius I	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb1.gif
CQDTKKN	Lambda Discothecus IX	The sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala1.gif	
CQFMQGU	Omega Bubblicius V	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
CQHYHHQ	Iota Mills XI	The planet's sky is a bright green, dominated by a system of white rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
CQIOMSE	Eta Thomas VIII	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.			
CQOMUEB	Nu Montague XI	The sky is an oppressive brown.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
CQQUQAI	Xi Crunkuli II	The sky is a bright orange, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
CQSNVTB	Nu Young II	The sky is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif		
CQUZJEM	Omega Isaacson VI	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of sienna-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif		
CQZWJEO	Upsilon Corpulus V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
CRAMEIO	Goldthwait Taylor II	The planet's sky is a dim red.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
CRBQVYG	Sigma Hall XI	The sky is tan fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgaliena4.gif
CRFKEHG	Phi Molotov I	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
CRJPTUY	Alpha Unicornius XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalc2.gif	sgaliena6.gif
CROCSTA	Rho Mott IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
CRRVFNM	Psi Pacmanicus XI	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
CRTOBBW	Sigma Smith VII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
CRURFXE	Delta O'Sullivan X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
CRUSHED	Delta Bellegrandus III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red, punctuated by mottled grey and pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
CSAAAAA	Eta Paulreiserus VII	The planet's sky is a deep blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	
CSDINID	Beta Polepositioni XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim cornflower.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
CSLOANO	Beta Fritus IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
CSQNVSE	Omicron Harrison X	The sky is a dim yellow, punctuated by mottled violet-colored and pink clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala5.gif	
CSSFYUE	Omicron Mott VI	The sky is an oppressive pink, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
CSTBFDA	Pacmanicus Steadwick VI	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
CSTQMNX	Rho Cancerus VIII	The sky is yellow fading into black near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
CTCOGLP	Xi Steadwick VIII	The sky is a bleached blue, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
CTHULHU	Pelicanus Dunn XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
CTHVTJK	Rho Moore X	The sky is sepia fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The sky is moonless.			
CTIIXSA	Rho Draper II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
CTMCOLE	Beta Durden V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
CTMGOIY	Theta Lee V	The planet's sky is a deep pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala7.gif	
CTOGHFL	Beta Durden V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
CTTCVCI	Psi Pannus IX	The sky is yellow fading into cornflower near the horizon, speckled with puffy sienna-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta3.gif		
CTVEZSV	Pi Waldorfus VIII	The sky is an oppressive blue, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
CUCKOLD	Epsilon Cartwright X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb7.gif		sgaliena7.gif
CUDAGOW	Mu Doritus IX	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
CUGSBHQ	Beta Garfunkel XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale sienna.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala8.gif	
CUHDTDW	Perambulus Madison VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
CUMDKBY	Allopecius Rudd IX	The sky is a bright yellow, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
CUMMIES	Xi Thomas IX	The sky is a brilliant yellow, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
CUMMING	Lepidopterus Sullivan XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
CUNTCVB	Gamma Sanford III	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
CUOSVXP	Zeta Trixrabbitus IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta12.gif		
CUOVYTU	Theta McDonald XI	The planet's sky is a uniform sepia.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala13.gif	
CUPCAKE	Tau Sanford VIII	The sky is burgundy fading into orange near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
CURLZMT	Epsilon Khan II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta8.gif		
CUSVNRO	Phi Waldorfus II	The sky is brown fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta3.gif		sgalienb2.gif
CUZLIMJ	Kappa Buck IV	The planet's sky is a bright red, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb4.gif
CVAAAAA	Hamburguesus Nicholson V	The planet's sky is a dim pink, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
CVAKKCZ	Sigma Misogynus VII	The sky is blue fading into magenta near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	
CVASMSS	Alpha Durden XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb3.gif	
CVGYCMA	Alpha Waldorfus XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive mauve.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgaliena2.gif
CVJJFHK	Upsilon Bubblewrapium VIII	The sky is blue fading into violet near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
CVLNNVP	Sigma McMahon IX	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
CVMAPSY	Perfunctus Nelson VI	The planet's sky is a pale blue, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
CVRHMOH	Alpha Blivebarkerus II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
CVWPMJM	Alpha Cooper VI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy lilac.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		sgaliena7.gif
CVXHWLV	Dominatrix O'Mally VIII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta18.gif		
CVYQNBN	Lambda Billclintonus V	The sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala2.gif	sgaliena1.gif
CWAAAAA	Zeta Fredfordus XI	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
CWDWWNG	Iota Dominatrix III	The planet's sky is a uniform red, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
CWEJHWA	Rho Hathaway V	The sky is pink fading into burgundy near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgaliena8.gif
CWELUTZ	Nu Capulet V	The sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
CWKZONR	Upsilon Gromulus XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgaliena6.gif
CWSPIOV	Delta Easthouse IX	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow, with a dense covering of mustard-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala7.gif	sgaliena4.gif
CXEAMEB	Lambda Slobulus V	The planet's sky is a bright pink, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgaliena5.gif
CXGGGLL	Psi Allen IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
CXLEZNU	Eta Buck II	The planet's sky is a bright orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
CXLEZNV	Sigma Westinghouse X	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
CXMPBJX	Waldorfus Johnson XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green, dotted by occasional wispy amber-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta20.gif		sgalienb10.gif
CXOHYXU	Psi Smith IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright red, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
CXRYGIX	Lambda Bush X	The planet's sky is a hazy green, dominated by a system of white rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
CXSKJLE	Zeta Noriega I	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
CXUPHYS	Omega Harrison I	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala15.gif	
CXYRHQT	Eta Abbrevianus VII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
CYBERIA	Tau Billclintonus VII	The sky is yellow fading into aquamarine near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb5.gif
CYETIRP	Alpha Crunkuli I	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala2.gif	
CYIZKHN	Gamma Bubblicius XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		sgaliena1.gif
CYJMMYJ	Rho Rudd I	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
CYKHOBF	Phi Madison VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
CYLQUNI	Perfunctus Hernandez VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
CYNMNNP	Iota Black X	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
CYSDAOQ	Upsilon Hernandez V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, punctuated by mottled grey and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
CYTBIPP	Alpha Stemple VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
CYZFDMM	Delta Reaganus VII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
CYZJRME	Tau Black VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala13.gif	
CYZQSTH	Eta Discothecus VI	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif		sgalienb2.gif
CYZQYSY	Delta Durden X	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, punctuated by mottled pale orange and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala6.gif	
CZAAAAA	Gamma Dyxichix V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
CZSIYCD	Mu Black VI	The sky is a hazy pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
CZZQIZP	Delta Slobulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright green, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta1.gif		
DAAAAAA	Xi Pannus IX	The sky is a hazy yellow, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
DAAAAAB	Lambda Conjunctivitus VIII	The sky is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif		
DAAFAAA	Nu Blivebarkerus XI	The sky is a brilliant green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
DABBERS	Upsilon Bob II	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
DABBING	Delta Gromulus IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, punctuated by mottled grey and maroon-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
DABBITY	Sigma Peterson VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif		
DACACAD	Psi Crustulus X	The sky is a dim blue, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif		sgalienb2.gif
DACTYLS	Phi Reynolds VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
DADADAD	Fritus Thomas VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
DAIHLRI	Rho Equipajus IX	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
DALLYAA	Dudebaddus Haggard III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, punctuated by mottled gray-colored and white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif		sgalienb9.gif
DAMFINO	Mu Bob III	The sky is an oppressive red.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.		sganimala4.gif	
DANGERE	Iota McMahon XI	The planet's sky is a hazy maroon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
DASBOOT	Chi Hippidipsus IX	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta3.gif		
DASSYNR	Eta Lewis III	The planet's sky is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
DASYVOU	Omicron Simon V	The sky is a pale pink, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
DAUNKZL	Conjunctivitus Lewis V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc3.gif		
DAVECAT	Slobulus Davis IX	The sky is a brilliant yellow, with a dense covering of indigo-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.			
DAWVQQB	Zeta Dunn V	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
DBANDIT	Phi Gronulus VIII	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
DBEBFJC	Phi Adams X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif		
DBEDKWU	Alpha Brooks IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
DBGTFRX	Eta Pannus V	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
DBHJGIX	Slobulus McDonald IV	The sky is a uniform red, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb9.gif		
DBIFMDN	Upsilon Sullivan IX	The sky is yellow fading into olive near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
DBKJHWR	Zeta Symington I	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgaliena4.gif
DBMXIXB	Omega White II	The planet's sky is a pale green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
DBOVOFA	Psi Garcia XI	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb3.gif		
DBPHLDO	Zeta Stemple IV	The planet's sky is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
DBSCUSC	Eta Zevon II	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc3.gif		
DBTOHXZ	Eta Cardboardius XI	The planet's sky is a uniform green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif		
DBUNLAQ	Pi Cheetus IV	The sky is a pale red, and a periwinkle-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
DBYMDGO	Psi Billclintonus IX	The sky is a bright orange, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif		
DCBABCD	Fritus Thomas VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
DCHIVNV	Upsilon Hippidipsus XI	The sky is teal fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled grey and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
DCSFHJI	Chi Unicornius VI	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	
DCTPHPG	Theta Dudebaddus XI	The planet's sky is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	
DCTROGW	Epsilon Martin V	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
DDAKPUI	Xi Leprus IV	The sky is a deep red, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
DDDDDDD	Delta Taylor XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim green, with a dense covering of black-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
DDDVONL	Xi Capulet V	The sky is an oppressive pink, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
DDHDJCD	Upsilon Thomas VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of chartreuse-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala6.gif	
DDJFGJS	Beta Crunkuli VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	
DDJLEXA	Sigma Unicornius IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
DDKWFWJ	Kappa Smith X	The planet's sky is a pale green, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
DDNMRAB	Polepositioni Sullivan II	The sky is black fading into pink near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala20.gif	
DDPXING	Eta Pennington VII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb4.gif
DDSVUZC	Eta Sullivan V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
DDSZBUJ	Nu Haskell IV	The sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
DDTMKDZ	Alpha Hamburguesus III	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala1.gif	
DDXMZIQ	Trixrabbitus McNichols VII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
DEADJIM	Iota Conjunctivitus I	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		sgalienb6.gif
DEBGRCS	Zeta Tyler VIII	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif		sgaliena4.gif
DECDUUY	Omega Clark IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala8.gif	
DECEIVE	Alpha Des Moines XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
DEDEDED	Lambda Shafer I	The sky is a uniform viridian.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
DEEPSKY	Upsilon Meadows VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy ochre-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
DEFACED	Pi Diverticulus VII	The sky is a hazy blue, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala9.gif	
DEFDFFS	Alpha Adams X	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb3.gif
DEFGHIJ	Lambda Belvedere IX	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
DEFIANT	Mu Cardboardius VII	The sky is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta12.gif		
DEFRTOP	Xi Paulreiserus X	The sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
DEGEAHI	Pi Stemple IX	The sky is a bright yellow, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
DEGLOVE	Xi Stemple X	The sky is a bright yellow, dominated by a system of white rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta16.gif		
DEKWPLC	Pi Diggusduggus IV	The sky is a dim pink, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
DELEVEN	Rho Paulson IX	The sky is yellow fading into gray near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
DEMZWHQ	Zeta Saladus II	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
DEWXXSO	Kappa Montague VI	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
DEXUZFE	Rho Perambulus III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.			
DFAAAAA	Kappa Johnson IV	The planet's sky is a uniform red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc3.gif	
DFHNUXZ	Epsilon Bob IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, punctuated by mottled white and purple-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
DFHYEQB	Iota Benedict X	The planet's sky is a dim yellow, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala5.gif	
DFMZLXU	Paulreichus Shannahan XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb10.gif
DFNLRIY	Nu Allopecius IV	The sky is a bleached red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta12.gif		
DGAAAAA	Eta Perambulus I	The planet's sky is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
DGACEMB	Lambda Garcia III	The sky is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
DGAWEPR	Pi Steadwick II	The sky is a bleached orange, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
DGDLJPI	Gamma Cheetus IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta12.gif		
DGOXJWA	Rho Lepidopterus IV	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
DHAAAAA	Omega Benedict II	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.		sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
DHHOBYN	Kappa Goldthwait VI	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue, punctuated by mottled grey and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala1.gif	
DHKXUZL	Omicron Perfunctus VI	The sky is a vivid blue, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta3.gif		
DHLVLLU	Pi Dyxichix VI	The sky is a bleached blue, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
DIBJGRB	Lambda Discothecus X	The sky is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta1.gif		sgaliena1.gif
DIDWTOG	Omega Belletaco X	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	
DIGNITY	Epsilon McDurkee I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, dominated by a system of black rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala13.gif	
DIIMPMZ	Phi Crematorius IV	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc2.gif		
DIJBWKP	Pacmanicus McDonald VI	The sky is lavender fading into blue near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala17.gif	sgaliena9.gif
DIJCFJI	Mu Bellegrandus XI	The sky is a brilliant green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.			
DINGBAT	Xi Molotov VII	The sky is a brilliant blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
DIOKXAU	Upsilon Cooper V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
DIPYKZE	Mu DuPree XI	The sky is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	
DIRRHIR	Xi Dickbutkus XI	The sky is a uniform violet, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
DISGUST	Pi Hathaway X	The sky is a bleached green, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala5.gif	
DISTFFI	Beta Hamburguesus V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
DIUMCWN	Gamma Robinson V	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
DIUVVZW	Bob Taylor V	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.			
DJAAAAA	Chi Paulreichus IV	The sky is ecru fading into blue near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta1.gif		
DJDKSSN	Delta Waldorfus VII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb6.gif
DJENXOC	Alpha Blivebarkerus I	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
DJKPFRI	Saladus Sullivan X	The sky is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
DJMZFRR	Omicron Blivebarkerus VI	The sky is a brilliant lilac, punctuated by mottled white and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.			sgaliena2.gif
DJXWMAL	Billclintonus Goldthwait II	The sky is amber fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
DKAVXGD	Cardboardius Stemple XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
DKBMQUM	Blivebarkerus Martinez VI	The planet's sky is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
DKBYOHD	Crunkuli Meadows V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb10.gif	
DKCMECD	Pi McNichols VII	The sky is a uniform blue, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
DKKTGXG	Mousketeerus Rudd IX	The sky is a bright yellow, with a dense covering of auburn-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
DKKWVUG	Omega Cheetus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
DKLKNVF	Kappa Hamburguesus XI	The planet's sky is a vivid orange, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb5.gif		
DKNSLPU	Fustulus Johnson IV	The sky is a uniform red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.			
DKWCKTV	Xi McNichols V	The sky is a uniform pink, dominated by a system of crimson-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
DKYKJOQ	Mu Bananaramus V	The sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
DKZLFER	Pi Pelicanus VII	The sky is a dim blue, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.			
DLAJIPX	Alpha Crunkuli IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
DLBYIKW	Cardboardius Taylor IV	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgaliena9.gif
DLDNKYV	Nu Bubblicius V	The sky is an oppressive pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif		
DLDXVYG	Kappa Smith I	The planet's sky is a pale orange, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
DLMHCFR	Upsilon Easthouse X	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
DLTENTR	Theta Zevon III	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgaliena8.gif
DMAAAAA	Xi Discothecus I	The sky is a bleached orange, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
DMBPZJS	Theta Cattusdoggus I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb1.gif	
DMDMVJA	Tau Cattusdoggus XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		
DMDWHJP	Omega White II	The planet's sky is a pale green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb3.gif
DMNCBAF	Iota Bananaramus XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive green, punctuated by mottled aquamarine-colored and white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif		sgalienb2.gif
DMSOTJN	Lepidopterus McNichols X	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow, punctuated by mottled black and vermilion-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
DMSYDGO	Upsilon Nicholson IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
DMYAAGK	Hamburguesus Brooks XI	The planet's sky is a pale aquamarine, punctuated by mottled grey and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
DMZFNJX	Bob Clinton III	The sky is violet fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta17.gif		
DNAAAAA	Phi Slobulus VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta9.gif		sgaliena5.gif
DNAWHVR	Sigma Lewis IX	The sky is yellow fading into beige near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
DNBXPMG	Kappa Hathaway VII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb3.gif
DNDUVJG	Alpha Crunkuli III	The sky above the horizon is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	
DNFPFTX	Phi Perambulus VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
DNKKQGZ	Theta Isaacson X	The planet's sky is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
DNOJCWM	Rho Durden I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb4.gif		
DNOOYQZ	Rho Perambulus I	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala12.gif	
DNYKBZN	Cromulus Steadwick II	The sky is a bleached orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb9.gif		
DOAVSPT	Omega Harris IX	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala5.gif	
DOCTORW	Iota Linoleus VI	The planet's sky is a uniform blue, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif		
DOEDOHV	Chi Crunkuli VII	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif		
DOFIBYL	Trixrabbitus Spitzner IV	The sky is a brilliant orange, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
DOGFORT	Xi Polepositioni II	The sky is a dim orange, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.		sganimala11.gif	
DOHDWPP	Delta Waldorfus IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
DOLXPDK	Omega McDonald X	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb8.gif
DOLYTLQ	Upsilon Goodman VIII	The sky is olive fading into red near the horizon, and a rose-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalc2.gif	
DOMQKOK	Cheetus Young XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb10.gif	
DONGFMK	Epsilon Belletaco XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant sienna, with a dense covering of black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb6.gif		
DOOTDOO	Chi Cooper IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala15.gif	
DORYFSH	Rho Diverticulus IX	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
DOTHKUP	Iota Bubblicius III	The planet's sky is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
DOUGLAS	Epsilon Bananaramus X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green, with a dense covering of indigo-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala3.gif	sgaliena2.gif
DOVQFTL	Nu Pelicanus V	The sky is a dim gray.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala9.gif	
DOXDHKV	Rho Stipe V	The sky is pink fading into cyan near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
DOZWVCO	Eta Goldthwait III	The planet's sky is a brilliant red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta12.gif		
DPCWRSG	Iota Perambulus V	The planet's sky is a pale pink, and a crimson-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta10.gif		
DPJDTUY	Equipajus Haskell XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive green, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
DPJOOZS	Tau Lennon VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb7.gif
DPLPWYN	Theta Gromulus VII	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.			
DPMTCLS	Kappa Brooks VIII	The planet's sky is a pale yellow, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
DPOUERS	Mu Simon VIII	The sky is a pale yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
DPQQWKJ	Iota Molotov I	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala3.gif	sgaliena2.gif
DPQRJNP	Lepidopterus McNichols X	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow, punctuated by mottled black and vermilion-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
DPTXYFM	Cardboardius Disraeli IX	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
DPZHHYW	Psi Clark VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached pink, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
DPZQUFH	Kappa Bearthurus X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
DQAAAAA	Epsilon Abbrevianus III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif		
DQBVQGN	Tau Wilson V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif		
DQEEBXT	Doritus Hall VIII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
DQHCHYA	Upsilon Nite II	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.			
DQHKPPC	Cancerus Harrison I	The planet's sky is a dim orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
DQHSIQN	Bellegrandus Hathaway IV	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
DQHTEOE	Epsilon Hathaway III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.			
DQJCEZN	Nu Goldthwait I	The sky is an oppressive auburn.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif		
DQKGJNE	Zeta Dudebaddus XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb6.gif	
DQVNNJJ	Beta Haggard XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
DQVUGNK	Pi Martinez I	The sky is a deep orange, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
DRAGONS	Chi Lepidopterus I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green, dominated by a system of black rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgaliena6.gif
DRAGOON	Lambda Cromulus V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
DREADED	Kappa Mills IV	The planet's sky is a bright red, speckled with puffy brown-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala13.gif	
DRIZZIT	Blivebarkerus Williams X	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
DRIZZLY	Pacmanicus Smith I	The sky is orange fading into emerald near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
DRNVUKS	Milkius Nicholson III	The sky is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
DRQWJWI	Beta Crematorius III	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta4.gif		
DRRGYRK	Delta Misogynus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
DRSRSWG	Theta O'Mally II	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
DRSWNVP	Omega McDurkee III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb4.gif
DRUJWND	Nu Dudebaddus VIII	The sky is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc2.gif		sgalienb5.gif
DSBZIGB	Epsilon Fredfordus VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb6.gif
DSCHOST	Beta Allopecius I	The sky above the horizon is a bleached orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	
DSJGAON	Paulreiserus Steadwick II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange, punctuated by mottled black and pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb9.gif
DSLPYWG	Omega Draper II	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
DSMZCEQ	Sigma Dunn III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
DSSOLQY	Eta Hathaway VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
DSYAGQG	Beta Noriega IX	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three small moons hang in the sky.			
DTAAAAA	Tau Goodman II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	
DTFAJSW	Mu Slobulus XI	The sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
DTJFHPF	Epsilon Hamburguesus X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid rose, punctuated by mottled pale blue and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala9.gif	
DTQSRWG	Chi Blivebarkerus I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy ultramarine-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala4.gif	
DTSCOCI	Phi Diggusduggus XI	The sky is white fading into rose near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb6.gif
DTXYDCU	Sigma Fritus VI	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		
DTZBOLE	Theta Misogynus II	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala12.gif	
DTZMFSZ	Gamma Taylor IV	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc3.gif	sgaliena8.gif
DUAYLHN	Phi Scabrus X	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
DUIAEQS	Theta Clark XI	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif		sgaliena3.gif
DUIBUHE	Omicron Bellegrandus VIII	The sky is a brilliant yellow, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	
DUMBASS	Epsilon McMahon I	The sky above the horizon is a hazy amber, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
DUPEQEJ	Cardboardius Spitzner V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc3.gif	
DUPVNXQ	Pannus Harris XI	The sky is cerulean fading into orange near the horizon, and a lilac-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The sky is moonless.			
DUXOHJU	Kappa Trixrabbitus VIII	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
DUYHHXC	Phi Nicholson X	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
DVAAAAA	Phi Fritus X	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
DVGCMNN	Nu Crunkuli II	The sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
DVGGRFS	Upsilon Cardboardius I	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgaliena2.gif
DVHASXF	Bubblewrapium Martinez VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep navy.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
DVKDOHW	Tau McDurkee II	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, speckled with puffy blue-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
DVNAKEB	Theta Young III	The planet's sky is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb3.gif		
DVNKYDZ	Omega Discothecus VII	The sky is an oppressive blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb2.gif
DVQDGZJ	Tau Rodriguez IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif		sgalienb7.gif
DWADLER	Sigma Harris IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif		
DWGCBNL	Zeta Mills V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif		sgaliena7.gif
DWGHGPX	Omega Humptydumptus IV	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
DWMCNYO	Delta Polepositioni II	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	
DWRBIBX	Tau Capulet IV	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
DWTMARG	Upsilon Simon X	The sky is yellow fading into emerald near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
DWZMUEK	Upsilon Bubblewrapium I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta12.gif		
DXAAAAA	Tau Moore IV	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
DXEFXWX	Zeta Nipperus XI	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
DXFBLLF	Kappa Paulreichus III	The planet's sky is a deep red, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc1.gif	
DXGVLIQ	Gamma Buck V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgaliena4.gif
DXIHDZO	Theta Simon VIII	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.			
DXJKQBC	Mu Stemple XI	The sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
DXRWDNP	Omicron Roosevelt V	The sky is a dim pink, speckled with puffy vermilion-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc1.gif		
DXUWHOF	Chi O'Reilly VI	The sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
DXZVGHZ	Lambda Rutgers VI	The planet's sky is a bright pink, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
DYCMQLH	Omega Allopecius XI	The sky is an oppressive pink, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
DYCXSBW	Gronulus Brooks VIII	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
DYJMFJR	Chi Steadwick I	The sky is a uniform green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.			
DYKTSYX	Delta Abbrevianus IV	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink, speckled with puffy black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
DYMLCCL	Perfunctus Lennon XI	The planet's sky is a hazy green, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
DYNAMIC	Misogynus Thompson IX	The sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif		
DYOMRHT	Tau Paulreiserus VI	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena2.gif
DYSJVXA	Phi Reagan VI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled rose-colored and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgaliena3.gif
DYTDDSX	Zeta Molotov IX	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow, punctuated by mottled pale blue and taupe-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta9.gif		sgalienb5.gif
DYUJFPV	Epsilon Shatner XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, punctuated by mottled black and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
DYZVHXH	Zeta Martinez VI	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
DZAAAAA	Gamma Crustulus IV	The sky above the horizon is a bright cream.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala9.gif	
DZCHREQ	Lambda Capulet VIII	The sky is an oppressive orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
DZCTBIW	Lambda Bananaramus VII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
DZDVFLB	Theta Slobulus VIII	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb6.gif
DZFXMTS	Delta North II	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
DZGCLYB	Lambda Saladus IX	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, with a dense covering of crimson-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
DZGZWJO	Psi O'Reilly VIII	The sky is a bleached red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgaliena7.gif
DZHZVBF	Dyxichix Isaacson XI	The sky is a hazy brown.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
DZIHCDR	Upsilon Cancerus X	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta9.gif		
DZLTODG	Theta Perfunctus VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid ochre.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala10.gif	
DZPGLFS	Gamma Goldthwait IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
DZSIPBG	Chi Cheetus XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled pale blue and lilac-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgaliena5.gif
DZSJTXF	Lambda Humptydumptus V	The planet's sky is a bright pink, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb5.gif		
DZXLELT	Perambulus Noriega XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy chartreuse, punctuated by mottled white and pale blue clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
EAAAAAA	Alpha McMahon II	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.			
EAAAAAB	Billclintonus Johnson IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif		
EAFXWOY	Gamma Cancerus IV	The sky above the horizon is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif		sgalienb6.gif
EAGERER	Reaganus O'Kelly VII	The sky is a vivid green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
EAGERLY	Cardboardius Jackson X	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			
EAGLESZ	Pacmanicus Anderson V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena9.gif
EAJEROY	Mu Disraeli V	The sky is a vivid pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
EALMRTW	Sigma Huxtable X	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
EANBXAL	Psi Polepositioni VIII	The sky is auburn fading into pink near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala11.gif	
EAPEUMR	Gamma Berry VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		sgaliena7.gif
EASYACE	Hippidipsus Wallace V	The sky is golden fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
EASZMVV	Pacmanicus Garfield I	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc3.gif		
EATDLDJ	Upsilon Misogynus II	The sky is red fading into crimson near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala4.gif	
EATMRSY	Iota Stemple VI	The planet's sky is a bright pink, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.			
EAUMXEQ	Omega Wilson X	The planet's sky is a dim rose.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb3.gif
EAVSABN	Pi Bubblicius II	The sky is an oppressive orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
EAZLEUS	Upsilon Brown III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
EBAWLZQ	Iota Stemple VI	The planet's sky is a bright pink, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb3.gif
EBBZYNW	Sigma King IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.			
EBCWCJZ	Pi Dunn XI	The sky is a pale green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
EBIANWY	Tau Pelicanus V	The sky is pink fading into crimson near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif		sgalienb6.gif
EBJXCUS	Omicron Paulreiserus III	The sky is a deep cream, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
EBKGYGG	Alpha Perambulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
EBOFFZT	Leprus Pennington VI	The planet's sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
EBRVJAI	Phi Yodeli XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	There are no moons visible.			
ECAVXEB	Upsilon Billclintonus V	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb6.gif
ECBFOTH	Sigma Steadwick XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.			
ECBONUT	Eta Williams X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
ECEEPVL	Dominatrix Garfield IX	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
ECFOVWA	Psi Jones IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
ECIAACE	Theta Nipperus III	The planet's sky is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
ECJPRJL	Nu Cromulus II	The sky is a bleached red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala9.gif	
ECNYYSZ	Abbrevianus Pennington V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ECOEDMC	Xi Bubblicius VII	The sky is an oppressive blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ECQKDXV	Linoleus Thomas IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
ECWSIJJ	Beta Fritus IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala9.gif	
EDCRQLF	Pi Steadwick X	The sky is a bleached green, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
EDFRKGR	Chi Leprus IX	The planet's sky is a bright blue, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
EDJHXUK	Paulreichus Martin IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb9.gif		
EDWQPXO	Psi Perfunctus XI	The sky is a hazy green.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		
EDWQZED	Omega Nipperus VIII	The sky is a bleached blue, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
EDYCRZO	Sigma Symington IV	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala14.gif	
EEEEEEA	Omega Stemple II	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb4.gif
EEEEEEE	Rho Cancerus I	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb6.gif
EEEEEEK	Omega Davis VII	The planet's sky is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif		
EEGEEGR	Hippidipsus Hall V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
EEGIRMK	Theta Bubblicius I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.			sgaliena6.gif
EEHDBZF	Phi Dominatrix I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	
EEJOCEM	Gamma Bob III	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
EELEVEN	Chi Bush X	The sky is pink fading into vermilion near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.			
EELLJQU	Chi Garfield V	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		sgaliena4.gif
EELVCQX	Lepidopterus Benedict VIII	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
EENBNTZ	Leprus Washington VI	The planet's sky is a dim pink, dominated by a system of black rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
EENHLSG	Omega Corpulus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached mustard, punctuated by mottled pale blue and white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
EEOHYEL	Eta Bellegrandus V	The planet's sky is a brilliant pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb5.gif
EEVEEON	Upsilon Polepositioni III	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb2.gif
EEZBIKU	Nu Goldthwait I	The sky is an oppressive auburn.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
EFENTUS	Eta Goodman II	The planet's sky is a pale red.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb8.gif	sgaliena8.gif
EFEUDQR	Mu Jones III	The sky is a uniform red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif		
EFGHIJK	Crustulus Harrison IV	The sky is a dim red, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
EFHTAIU	Chi Mills I	The sky is a uniform orange, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
EFLVQUT	Zeta Walker XI	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb3.gif	
EFLZQJK	Delta Johnson X	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
EFPFQVE	Omicron Pacmanicus I	The sky is a dim orange, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
EFPWVGS	Epsilon Garfunkel VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif		
EFTOFZY	Dyxichix Garfield II	The sky is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
EGDOKEV	Kappa Perfunctus IV	The planet's sky is a vivid red, dominated by a system of pink rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc2.gif		
EGFUAXO	Phi Doritus XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
EGGBURT	Iota Zevon IV	The planet's sky is a uniform red, punctuated by mottled white and cerulean-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
EGHHYGQ	Zeta Goldthwait VII	The planet's sky is an oppressive mauve.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
EGMGVOO	Nu Nipperus II	The sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb4.gif
EGTFPOL	Upsilon Equipajus VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena2.gif
EHHILZO	Upsilon Huxtable X	The sky is red fading into silver near the horizon, with a dense covering of cream-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta6.gif		
EHKNKHA	Delta Misogynus I	The sky above the horizon is a bleached orange, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
EHMFFFP	Bearthurus Nite II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
EHNBOJK	Theta Conjunctivitus IV	The planet's sky is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The sky is moonless.			
EHONBCN	Unicornius Symington I	The sky above the horizon is a bleached orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb9.gif
EHOOEDD	Iota Thompson II	The planet's sky is a deep orange, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb7.gif		sgaliena7.gif
EHQPMCL	Lambda Stipe IV	The planet's sky is a bright red, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif		
EHZWLOM	Billclintonus Meadows IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy ochre-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
EIAJYYI	Theta Saladus I	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
EIBIAJV	Omicron Perfunctus VI	The sky is a vivid blue, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala2.gif	
EIBZPGU	Zeta Wilson VII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, with a dense covering of auburn-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		
EICUOJJ	Molotov Mills VI	The planet's sky is a bright pink.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	
EIFHOCL	Molotov Stemple V	The planet's sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif		sgalienb10.gif
EIJSOEC	Omicron Harris VII	The sky is a deep blue, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta16.gif		
EIMMJVW	Upsilon Fritus XI	The sky is green fading into fuchsia near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb5.gif	
EINLSIX	Gamma Conjunctivitus IV	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	
EIODENB	Eta Pelicanus X	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
EIPXZAA	Chi Taylor II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgaliena7.gif
EIQWZOQ	Omicron Hippidipsus XI	The sky is a dim amber, with a dense covering of teal-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
EIZACQJ	Kappa Simon VI	The planet's sky is a pale blue, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
EJBVUNC	Paulreiserus Dunn XI	The planet's sky is a pale green, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta19.gif		
EJDXRVV	Theta Dyxichix IV	The planet's sky is a vivid red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
EJEUOIE	Theta Sullivan XI	The planet's sky is a bleached green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb7.gif	
EJFMQSA	Delta Perambulus V	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala1.gif	
EJIMIJF	Tau Dickbutkus I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta11.gif		
EJJJFIE	Pi Nelson II	The sky is a pale orange, dominated by a system of ultramarine-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta14.gif		
EJJQDKY	Rho Cromulus VI	The sky is blue fading into cerulean near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala3.gif	
EJSRANL	Mu Doritus XI	The sky is a pale green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb5.gif
EJTWBLH	Tau Washington XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif		
EJWLNAW	Delta Fustulus III	The sky above the horizon is a bright red, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta4.gif		sgalienb2.gif
EJWNUZA	Alpha Milkius V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
EKGNKQN	Nu Goldthwait I	The sky is an oppressive auburn.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala16.gif	
EKHBGPN	Xi Unicornius III	The sky is a uniform red, punctuated by mottled white and ochre-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
EKJVFVB	Pi Westinghouse IV	The sky is an oppressive pink, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
EKMXMXA	Allopecius Noriega X	The sky is a hazy green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
EKSAHFA	Crunkuli Wilson III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
EKSREMK	Theta Crunkuli X	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
EKVARGB	Rho Sanford II	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
EKVVPFA	Psi Huxtable VIII	The sky is a bleached red, with a dense covering of vermilion-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta14.gif		
EKWJTYY	Equipajus Williams III	The planet's sky is a brilliant red, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
EKZYFZK	Alpha Corpulus II	The sky above the horizon is a pale brown.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ELDPHLO	Sigma Nite VII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala16.gif	
ELDRERX	Omicron Cooper X	The sky is a hazy green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
ELDRICH	Nu Abbrevianus X	The sky is a hazy ruby.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
ELECTRA	Alpha Dudebaddus XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive aquamarine.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	
ELEGANT	Fustulus Westinghouse XI	The sky is an oppressive taupe, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif		sgaliena9.gif
ELEMENT	Dickbutkus Anderson XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb9.gif
ELGIJKN	Psi Hathaway XI	The sky is an oppressive pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ELHLKBG	Theta Milkius VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
ELNINHO	Fustulus Berry X	The sky is a bright green, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta17.gif		
ELQHUQA	Cancerus Martin X	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
ELTFFJD	Psi Pennington IX	The sky is a bright orange, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
ELYSIUM	Delta Sanford I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive orange, punctuated by mottled black and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
EMIIOCT	Xi Cromulus X	The sky is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			
EMOWJYR	Omega Goldthwait I	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgaliena5.gif
EMPATHY	Pi Dyxichix X	The sky is a bleached green, punctuated by mottled pale orange and white clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
EMPHHZQ	Pi Belletaco IV	The sky is a brilliant red, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
EMPWUMS	Tau Diverticulus IX	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala3.gif	
EMZBZPP	Epsilon Black II	The sky above the horizon is a hazy brown, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala13.gif	
EMZUULY	Rho Fustulus II	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta10.gif		sgaliena5.gif
ENGLAND	Kappa Tyler XI	The planet's sky is a dim teal, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb7.gif		
ENHWKMS	Allopecius Woodward VII	The sky is a bleached blue, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala18.gif	
ENNFENV	Alpha Nite V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb7.gif
ENOLMRR	Omicron Corpulus V	The sky is a pale pink, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala12.gif	
ENRYFOC	Iota Conjunctivitus III	The planet's sky is a hazy red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif		sgaliena2.gif
ENRZIIM	Rho Perfunctus VIII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ENSFXVC	Pi Paulreiserus VII	The sky is a deep blue, with a dense covering of indigo-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb1.gif		
ENYXRJD	Theta Lennon VI	The planet's sky is a hazy lavender.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
ENZUPTP	Paulreiserus Wilson X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
EOMJVME	Iota Conjunctivitus IV	The planet's sky is a hazy red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb1.gif	
EOSOQME	Iota Dunn IV	The planet's sky is a pale red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
EOTNWCV	Delta Harris VIII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.			
EOTSLFE	Xi Saladus I	The sky is a vivid orange, with a dense covering of ecru-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
EOYSMXO	Gronulus Allen II	The sky is a vivid orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
EPCMULE	Lambda Meadows III	The sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
EPFAMEC	Nu Crematorius VI	The sky is a vivid lavender.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.			
EPIILCS	Sigma Cheetus X	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	
EPJPZJX	Upsilon Rutgers III	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
EPSGYCS	Dominatrix Brooks X	The sky above the horizon is a pale green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta19.gif		sgaliena10.gif
EPSILON	Delta Belletaco VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
EQBWMTJ	Theta Simon VIII	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta8.gif		
EQCRKUN	Zeta Paulreiserus V	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif		sgaliena1.gif
EQHGVLZ	Upsilon Molotov IX	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb1.gif
EQJIKGO	Lambda Peterson IV	The planet's sky is a bleached red, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta6.gif		
EQKMDBP	Zeta Dudebaddus XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb6.gif	
EQOQPOU	Chi Brown XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
EQUINOX	Delta Mexicanus X	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
EQVBSWW	Theta Scabrus I	The planet's sky is a deep amber.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb5.gif
ERCFZSI	Humptydumptus Buck XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.			
ERDBTLO	Mu Bubblewrapium III	The sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
EREWHON	Lambda White II	The planet's sky is a deep beige, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
ERGVUXA	Iota Molotov I	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	
ERRFOVV	Scabrus Adams I	The planet's sky is a dim orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
ERTWYMA	Rho Johnson VIII	The sky is blue fading into emerald near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
ERWAHTT	Delta Steadwick XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
ESFKLQN	Omicron Equipajus IX	The sky is a vivid yellow, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
ESKECOT	Zeta Goldthwait II	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
ESPANTS	Mousketeerus Washington II	The sky is a dim red, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
ESPLODE	Beta Pannus VII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ESQVWLO	Alpha Cattusdoggus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		sgalienb2.gif
ESTNBAB	Mousketeerus Thomas VI	The sky is a brilliant blue, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgaliena9.gif
ESTONIA	Beta Gronulus X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif		
ESYFRTA	Omega Lennon V	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of scarlet-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb7.gif
ESYWZRL	Chi Pacmanicus V	The sky is pink fading into golden near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
ETARSGV	Omega Fritus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached cerulean, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb5.gif		sgaliena5.gif
ETCZRON	Xi Pennington IX	The sky is a bleached yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
ETIRZXK	Epsilon Khan II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
ETJCKXH	Rho Saladus XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
ETMECUY	Conjunctivitus Steadwick V	The sky is pink fading into silver near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgaliena9.gif
ETPMZBU	Kappa Molotov IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant red, and a aquamarine-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif		
ETQMAQK	Epsilon Pennington VII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
ETWICBC	Pi Smith II	The sky is a uniform orange, with a dense covering of auburn-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb8.gif	
EUCQWAF	Unicornius Montague IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala17.gif	
EUGOLMG	Tau Washington XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb4.gif
EUNULHP	Gamma Cromulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb5.gif
EUOFLHF	Kappa Linoleus VII	The planet's sky is a uniform magenta, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		sgalienb6.gif
EUPOOOA	Theta Abbrevianus II	The planet's sky is a hazy red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
EUQMFBA	Delta Cooper III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, with a dense covering of black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
EUQOTYZ	Omega Cartwright II	The sky is a pale yellow, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb4.gif
EURONDA	Rho Durden VI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
EUXBJIC	Delta Diverticulus IX	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow, with a dense covering of indigo-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
EUXUVYR	Nu Khan VIII	The sky is a vivid yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
EVBOVPY	Epsilon Buck IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb4.gif	sgaliena4.gif
EVENRUE	Tau Perambulus IV	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
EVGXJUL	Upsilon Dyxichix II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		
EVHBLBL	Sigma Equipajus IX	The sky is yellow fading into turquoise near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif		
EVKNLPW	Epsilon Bellegrandus XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif		sgalienb2.gif
EVLGLPS	Lambda Young IV	The planet's sky is a vivid red, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala16.gif	
EVOUPMR	Lambda Bush X	The planet's sky is a hazy green, dominated by a system of white rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb4.gif	
EVSWNCV	Billclintonus Walker X	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta18.gif		
EVZMIWS	Psi Bananaramus V	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta1.gif		sgaliena1.gif
EWARAAG	Beta Corpulus VII	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
EWCLPJL	Sigma Unicornius II	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
EWCPVWN	Upsilon Hernandez III	The sky is burgundy fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
EWFTDQV	Corpulus Lennon VII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
EWGCSRC	Chi Capulet II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange, dominated by a system of black-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb8.gif
EWIDIGT	Bellegrandus McMahon VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow, dominated by a system of fuchsia-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
EWLQMAJ	Iota Mousketeerus IV	The planet's sky is a bleached red, speckled with puffy black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
EWQXVVG	Diverticulus Miller VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
EXASYNF	Xi Lepidopterus VII	The sky is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
EXLOSXV	Iota Fustulus X	The planet's sky is a bright green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif		sgaliena2.gif
EXNDQFN	Discothecus Taylor VI	The sky is a brilliant pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala20.gif	
EXOTECH	Kappa Perfunctus VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid blue, and a salmon-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb2.gif	sgaliena2.gif
EXQIMEN	Phi Bellegrandus VIII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
EXRTCZE	Alpha Shannahan II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
EXTREME	Nu DuPree XI	The sky is a pale teal.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb4.gif	
EXTXHHC	Delta Cardboardius XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
EXYZIPS	Bob Thomas I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
EXZZANC	Zeta Corpulus VI	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta12.gif		
EYEBALL	Omega Woodward V	The sky is a deep blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala8.gif	
EYEBROW	Nu Wallace IX	The sky is a uniform yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
EYERTWB	Nu Rutgers VI	The sky is a bright pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
EYESHIT	Theta Bob VI	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb2.gif	
EYHSLSZ	Unicornius Nicholson VIII	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta19.gif		sgaliena10.gif
EYHULKP	Phlebitis Williams IV	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
EYNEZUG	Omega Dickbutkus XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
EYOZKCA	Diverticulus Nelson XI	The sky is auburn fading into indigo near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
EYQLNCL	Eta Crustulus VII	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.			
EYQYLWU	Lambda Polepositioni IX	The planet's sky is a dim yellow, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb5.gif	
EYTCAKO	Rho Haskell IX	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
EYWYQXH	Iota Martin V	The planet's sky is a deep pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
EZCTEAO	Blivebarkerus Mack VI	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala19.gif	
EZEQLLS	Phi Thomas II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
EZGNTJO	Delta Nipperus VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
EZHEART	Zeta Stemple VIII	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc3.gif		sgaliena8.gif
EZKDJXP	Eta Mexicanus IX	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb5.gif
EZKXPMZ	Zeta Fredfordus IX	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow, punctuated by mottled auburn-colored and ultramarine-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		
EZLLEQS	Phi Gronulus VII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb5.gif		
EZMWUMY	Gamma Doritus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue, dominated by a system of mauve-colored rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala10.gif	sgaliena5.gif
EZTEBCU	Phi Wilson VIII	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	
EZXXNYT	Nu Williams I	The sky is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
EZZGQAO	Kappa Bubblewrapium VII	The planet's sky is a uniform blue, speckled with puffy vermilion-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb5.gif	
EZZZZZA	Epsilon Wallace V	The sky above the horizon is a uniform pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
EZZZZZB	Epsilon O'Reilly VII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid mustard, punctuated by mottled pale orange and fuchsia-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
EZZZZZC	Scabrus Taylor VIII	The planet's sky is a dim periwinkle, punctuated by mottled white and pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
EZZZZZD	Lambda Sanford I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
EZZZZZE	Pi Equipajus II	The sky is a vivid red, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb5.gif	
EZZZZZF	Omicron Billclintonus I	The sky is a hazy amber, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgaliena6.gif
EZZZZZG	Eta Moore I	The planet's sky is a brilliant azure.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
EZZZZZH	Zeta Hernandez V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala16.gif	
EZZZZZI	Belletaco Brooks II	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange, speckled with puffy turquoise-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.		sganimala18.gif	
EZZZZZJ	Phi Romero VI	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala13.gif	
EZZZZZK	Sigma Diverticulus IV	The sky is cyan fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc2.gif	
EZZZZZL	Doritus Rudd IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, punctuated by mottled fuchsia-colored and black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
EZZZZZM	Epsilon Nicholson VII	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif		sgaliena3.gif
EZZZZZN	Epsilon Buck X	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
EZZZZZO	Mu Washington II	The sky is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			
EZZZZZP	Theta Goldthwait IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
EZZZZZQ	Eta Goldthwait X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
EZZZZZR	Tau Nichols IV	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb4.gif	sgaliena4.gif
EZZZZZS	Gamma Paulreiserus IX	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb1.gif	
EZZZZZT	Zeta Microscopius II	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange, punctuated by mottled grey and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
EZZZZZU	Conjunctivitus Taylor IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and pale blue clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif		sgalienb10.gif
EZZZZZV	Eta Tyler XI	The planet's sky is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
EZZZZZW	Cattusdoggus Thomas XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta18.gif		
EZZZZZX	Dominatrix Rodriguez X	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta19.gif		
EZZZZZY	Iota Crematorius VII	The planet's sky is a vivid blue, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
EZZZZZZ	Alpha Gromulus V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
FAAAAAA	Lambda Cancerus X	The planet's sky is a deep ruby, dominated by a system of black rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta3.gif		
FAAAAAB	Lambda Reynolds V	The sky is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
FAAXLYK	Alpha Romero VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
FABBEST	Eta Milkius X	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
FABEQAA	Omicron Garcia VI	The sky is a deep lavender, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
FABVVSB	Pannus Woodward VIII	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
FAGGOTS	Perfunctus Wilson VI	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.			
FAHXQNV	Kappa Abbrevianus VII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgaliena2.gif
FAIREST	Delta Draper II	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange, punctuated by mottled pale blue and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb8.gif	sgaliena8.gif
FANTASY	Linoleus Thomas IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala20.gif	
FAPVMPF	Rho Lepidopterus VIII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb6.gif
FARAWAY	Beta Belletaco VIII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgaliena2.gif
FARQUAR	Eta Molotov X	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala11.gif	sgaliena6.gif
FARTGAS	Phi Bush I	The sky is yellow fading into magenta near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif		
FARTMAN	Sigma Cheetus X	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta12.gif		
FATHERS	Xi Madison IX	The sky is a dim yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb4.gif
FAVWZSI	Theta White III	The planet's sky is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif		
FAYCXKZ	Iota Jackson XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
FBAAAAA	Theta Crunkuli II	The planet's sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
FBDMZRW	Yodeli Lee I	The sky is orange fading into olive near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
FBFTEFC	Omicron Blivebarkerus XI	The sky is a brilliant tan, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
FBRORUW	Epsilon Fredfordus I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala11.gif	
FBUWBZX	Misogynus Salisbury XI	The sky is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	
FBVJUZY	Xi Huxtable VII	The sky is an oppressive blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
FCDKFGC	Kappa Khan IV	The planet's sky is a vivid red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc2.gif		sgaliena7.gif
FCDUNPT	Sigma Harris IX	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
FCEHFXJ	Mu Bob III	The sky is an oppressive red.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.			
FCEQGWJ	Crustulus McMahon XI	The sky is a hazy green, punctuated by mottled sienna-colored and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
FCIMGIX	Gamma DuPree VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
FCNVMZU	Rho Disraeli IV	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.			
FCTGSYZ	Mu Pacmanicus IX	The sky is a dim yellow.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc1.gif	
FDFKWDP	Chi Mills I	The sky is a uniform orange, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.			
FDIHYIQ	Phi Waldorfus VII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	There are no moons visible.			
FDJSAUD	Nu Harrison VI	The sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
FDOGSXE	Dominatrix Woodward III	The sky above the horizon is a bright red.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta20.gif		sgalienb10.gif
FDQBVYN	Eta Benedict III	The planet's sky is a dim red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgaliena4.gif
FDRCNMS	Zeta Goldthwait VII	The planet's sky is an oppressive mauve.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif		sgalienb8.gif
FDWCAVO	Sigma Adams V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
FELEVEN	Kappa Crematorius VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, speckled with puffy maroon-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala11.gif	
FEQUGCW	Omega Belletaco X	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
FEVQLVG	Rho McDurkee VII	The sky is blue fading into mustard near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
FFBPRZE	Pi Hippidipsus XI	The sky is a dim green, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
FFBQRUJ	Zeta Polepositioni V	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, and a beige-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala4.gif	
FFBYVPS	Iota Jackson XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	
FFFFFFF	Pi Leprus X	The sky is a deep green, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
FFLONPZ	Kappa Abbrevianus I	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, punctuated by mottled vermilion-colored and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
FFLYTFN	Phi Gromulus XI	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb5.gif		
FFMSWAJ	Xi Anderson XI	The sky is a brilliant black, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
FFTTNAQ	Phi North II	The sky is olive fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
FFYIVNN	Mu Jackson VIII	The sky is a brilliant blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb8.gif	
FFYOZJN	Zeta Fritus IV	The planet's sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
FGHIJKL	Phi Taylor VIII	The sky is blue fading into cerulean near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
FGLDEFI	Psi Nichols III	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala14.gif	
FGMGNEX	Tau Lepidopterus I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala2.gif	sgaliena1.gif
FGNMGLG	Zeta Thompson XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep violet, punctuated by mottled red-colored and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
FGRVJCU	Equipajus Lennon VII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
FHASHTG	Kappa Crematorius VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, speckled with puffy maroon-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc2.gif	
FHDFWTW	Dickbutkus Madison XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim amber.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	
FHDOJQZ	Omicron Shafer VII	The sky is a uniform blue, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb8.gif		
FHIEIVX	Sigma Brown III	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgaliena7.gif
FIDZUXQ	Tau Allen VIII	The sky is olive fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgaliena3.gif
FIGHAED	Sigma Johnson XI	The sky is green fading into olive near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
FINDING	Alpha Pacmanicus VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
FINLAND	Saladus Capulet XI	The sky is an oppressive green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb10.gif
FIREFLY	Kappa Smith X	The planet's sky is a pale green, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
FISHIES	Rho Reynolds VI	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif		
FIWPZQN	Slobulus Lennon X	The sky is a hazy yellow, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
FJCBMAI	Omega McCartney VI	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
FJCSMMW	Kappa Mott X	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif		
FJOOOOX	Gamma Fredfordus XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
FJPGDOM	Rho Lennon XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
FJSOIPT	Diverticulus Romero VII	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
FJWXUBT	Alpha White VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
FJXDHMM	Psi Bubblewrapium V	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb6.gif
FKDILAY	Theta Bubblicius I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgaliena6.gif
FKEEPEV	Chi Mills I	The sky is a uniform orange, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
FKIUHWO	Psi Mack XI	The sky is a pale orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb7.gif	
FKRDMXT	Chi Williams X	The sky above the horizon is a dim green, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc3.gif		sgalienb8.gif
FKRMKUP	Kappa Crematorius VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
FKTMAFN	Diverticulus Garfield XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.			
FKUFUOX	Alpha McCartney VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
FKVPVKW	Diggusduggus Haskell II	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
FLAMING	Chi Molotov XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
FLATGEO	Gronulus Paulson VII	The sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgaliena10.gif
FLATRTH	Kappa Miller X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
FLEEING	Alpha Bearthurus V	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
FLEMISH	Perfunctus Martin VIII	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
FLTAJGX	Tau Crematorius II	The sky is red fading into mustard near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		
FLUMMOX	Pi Trixrabbitus I	The sky is an oppressive orange, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta10.gif		
FLYTRAP	Molotov Woodward II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
FMBHJOM	Gamma Shannahan VII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
FMDHPWX	Phlebitis North II	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
FMHOYOK	Kappa McDonald V	The planet's sky is a uniform pink, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
FMHQXOF	Dominatrix Miller VII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif		sgaliena10.gif
FMIBVDO	Omicron North XI	The sky is a hazy green, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
FMLMYEX	Iota Bananaramus IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif		sgaliena5.gif
FMXODVI	Mu Thompson VII	The sky is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb8.gif
FMYZQWQ	Mu Stipe XI	The sky is a bright green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.			
FMZBVVM	Mu Gromulus XI	The sky is a bright green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
FNEJPVN	Gamma Allen IX	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
FNHQOXV	Rho Spitzner VIII	The sky is orange fading into sepia near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
FNJASND	Pi Molotov VII	The sky is a brilliant blue, dominated by a system of pink rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta12.gif		
FNKHZMC	Fritus Martinez VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
FNLTMZV	Zeta Fritus VII	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
FNPHHPC	Iota Cattusdoggus VIII	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta9.gif		sgaliena5.gif
FNURSVJ	Phi Pacmanicus VIII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of cream-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala2.gif	
FOEODCX	Tau Bush I	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
FOEODXD	Tau Dyxichix IX	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
FOFFGWV	Milkius Goodman II	The sky is a pale orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala17.gif	
FOFXGFT	Mu Harris I	The sky is a deep orange.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif		sgaliena3.gif
FOJQQYV	Psi Cartwright III	The sky is a brilliant pink, dotted by occasional wispy navy-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala13.gif	
FOJTXZZ	Alpha Madison IV	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala5.gif	
FOKBPHA	Eta Gronulus X	The planet's sky is a bleached green.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb2.gif		
FOKTNWD	Mu Smith V	The sky is a uniform fuchsia.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala15.gif	
FOQXIYP	Alpha Leprus V	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
FOUDWOK	Sigma Lee X	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb3.gif		
FPBROBW	Omicron Rudd IX	The sky is a bright yellow, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala14.gif	
FPDGCJF	Phi Garcia IX	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta15.gif		
FPNOWSN	Phi Paulreichus XI	The sky is silver fading into blue near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb1.gif
FPPKOPJ	Tau Perambulus IV	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalc1.gif	
FPPPAQJ	Lepidopterus Nelson VII	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
FPRYFVK	Iota Saladus VII	The planet's sky is a vivid blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb5.gif		
FPUBTHY	Goldthwait McMahon XI	The planet's sky is a hazy rose.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
FPUMOGX	Delta Harris VIII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.			
FPYXWVH	Milkius Stipe X	The sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta20.gif		sgalienb10.gif
FQBHSEF	Psi Zevon XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy brown.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
FQCAQDK	Tau Diverticulus V	The sky is emerald fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
FQQWXBG	Dickbutkus Miller II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
FQWWDOI	Kappa Corpulus I	The planet's sky is a pale orange, dotted by occasional wispy magenta-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
FRAGILE	Upsilon Humptydumptus X	The sky is green fading into ruby near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.		sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
FRAISER	Bob Franklin III	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
FRATORC	Xi Humptydumptus X	The sky is a dim green, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif		
FRBPSYM	Upsilon O'Mally II	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
FREEDOM	Omicron Stemple VII	The sky is a bright blue, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta5.gif		
FRHXQDP	Kappa Fustulus XI	The planet's sky is a bright green, dominated by a system of beige-colored rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
FRIDAYZ	Kappa Saladus IX	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, dominated by a system of white rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	
FRIENDS	Alpha Milkius I	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
FRIOSEV	Linoleus Tyler III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif		
FRJGYYJ	Tau King VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
FROGMAN	Eta Dunn II	The planet's sky is a pale orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
FRQUWAB	Omega Des Moines V	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
FRRKQTO	Belletaco Walker VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgaliena10.gif
FRVLEQQ	Zeta Mills VI	The planet's sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
FRVVRDJ	Iota Linoleus V	The planet's sky is a uniform pink, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
FRXTVRS	Delta Mexicanus XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
FRYCOOK	Beta Nichols XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright cyan.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb8.gif		
FRZXVYV	Pi Pacmanicus II	The sky is a dim orange, dotted by occasional wispy salmon-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	sgaliena2.gif
FSAVORA	Omega Woodward XI	The sky is an oppressive red, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
FSBILOE	Lambda Yodeli V	The planet's sky is a bright green, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
FSBMRGU	Humptydumptus Buck XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.			
FSDACLL	Pi Dominatrix VI	The sky is a uniform blue, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
FSIJHCY	Theta Garfunkel VII	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif		sgaliena8.gif
FSOILWD	Upsilon Pennington IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, speckled with puffy orange-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb4.gif
FSOSCPE	Rho Buck II	The sky is beige fading into rose near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala14.gif	
FSRVYNQ	Epsilon Crunkuli VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
FSZTHLV	Delta Crematorius VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
FTDNINJ	Rho Nite IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
FTHKXYO	Epsilon Garfield XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim green, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif		
FTISVHM	Equipajus Capulet I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb9.gif
FTMHLGO	Zeta Diggusduggus XI	The planet's sky is a dim green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala11.gif	
FTPHGTH	Zeta Mexicanus VII	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb2.gif
FTSFVYF	Eta McNichols I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
FTVDFTT	Hippidipsus Mills VI	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
FUCKYOU	Delta Crustulus IV	The sky above the horizon is a bright red, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
FUGCYDO	Bubblewrapium Woodward VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
FUNGALI	Theta Mexicanus II	The planet's sky is a dim orange.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
FUNTIME	Eta Shannahan VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.			
FUQTACU	Pi Des Moines XI	The sky is a pale ochre, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb4.gif	
FURDJFM	Mousketeerus Goodman IX	The sky is a pale yellow, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
FUSRRVZ	Rho Abbrevianus VIII	The sky is blue fading into fuchsia near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
FUTURES	Sigma Linoleus VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif		
FUTVDCS	Hippidipsus Meadows IX	The sky is yellow fading into turquoise near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif		
FUVJYFB	Alpha Abbrevianus V	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
FUWJJRV	Delta Isaacson VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb8.gif		sgaliena8.gif
FUXTUNE	Xi Nicholson X	The sky is a dim green, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
FUZZILY	Sigma Lennon V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
FVCYTFC	Delta Crustulus VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, punctuated by mottled red-colored and scarlet-colored clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
FVDEPRP	Omicron Fritus III	The sky is a pale red, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
FVEPNDN	Pi O'Reilly IV	The sky is a vivid red, with a dense covering of turquoise-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb3.gif	
FVQHSDD	Upsilon Bob III	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of indigo-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
FVXOIVT	Theta Dyxichix VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta12.gif		
FWCPPOM	Gronulus Hernandez XI	The sky is a vivid green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb9.gif
FWDXANH	Xi Bob IX	The sky is an oppressive yellow, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
FWJAVTT	Lambda Pelicanus X	The planet's sky is a dim green, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb5.gif
FWLBQYI	Xi Johnson IX	The sky is a brilliant yellow, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
FWMQAIV	Xi Pelicanus X	The sky is a dim yellow, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
FWNRXFS	Omega Harris XI	The sky is green fading into indigo near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		sgaliena7.gif
FWQTXAD	Yodeli Peterson V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta20.gif		sgalienb10.gif
FXEYWBH	Tau Nichols V	The sky is pink fading into lilac near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
FXGCJLK	Iota Dyxichix VII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
FXJCHOM	Diggusduggus Smith V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
FXLFURL	Dyxichix Roosevelt XI	The sky is a dim periwinkle.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta20.gif		sgalienb10.gif
FXOOGIC	Bellegrandus Symington XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached ruby, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.		sganimala17.gif	
FXQASAZ	Rho Moore X	The sky is sepia fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala15.gif	
FXREKXZ	Omicron White VII	The sky is a brilliant blue, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
FXREUKG	Epsilon Mott I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive auburn, dotted by occasional wispy taupe-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif		
FXVPHXE	Rho Johnson VIII	The sky is blue fading into emerald near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb3.gif
FXZUVHF	Linoleus Nite I	The sky above the horizon is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
FYBYIZO	Epsilon Polepositioni III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, dotted by occasional wispy lavender-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
FYDRVJG	Delta Easthouse I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive aquamarine, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala7.gif	
FYEQOXR	Nu Humptydumptus XI	The sky is a bright golden.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb6.gif
FYEYNKT	Epsilon Pannus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala12.gif	
FYFHOLK	Beta Slobulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright taupe.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb6.gif	
FYIKURR	Psi Hamburguesus VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached red, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
FYMJSTM	Omicron Clark XI	The sky is a deep green, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
FYOMFOO	Scabrus Thomas VIII	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	
FYPTWUO	Eta Durden VII	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		
FYQLVHD	Zeta Salisbury X	The planet's sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
FYVAZBQ	Rho Milkius XI	The sky is rose fading into brown near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif		sgaliena6.gif
FYXMYCL	Upsilon Nichols VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif		
FZBAGQG	Gamma Franklin XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.		sganimala13.gif	
FZCQFFF	Phi Rudd V	The sky is pink fading into cerulean near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgaliena4.gif
FZKCEIW	Dominatrix Thompson IV	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		
FZNSPIZ	Xi Nelson XI	The sky is a pale green, with a dense covering of cerulean-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif		
FZNWABC	Waldorfus Stemple V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb9.gif		
FZOAMWC	Crustulus Buck IX	The sky is a bright yellow, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.		sganimala19.gif	
FZRDMQY	Mu Easthouse XI	The sky is an oppressive aquamarine.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
FZZSVZW	Lambda Franklin VII	The planet's sky is a dim blue, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
FZZZZZX	Psi Leprus IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
GAEKVOG	Theta Bubblicius I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
GAGYGAX	Gromulus Roosevelt I	The sky is a dim orange, dominated by a system of white rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
GAHZLSC	Bob Franklin III	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb10.gif
GALCNRQ	Tau Cooper IV	The sky is red fading into brown near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb8.gif	
GALLIUM	Xi Capulet V	The sky is an oppressive pink, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	
GAMPBFN	Cromulus Smith XI	The sky is a pale pink, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala17.gif	
GAQCNLY	Upsilon Haskell III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
GARDYLU	Chi Brooks VIII	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala6.gif	
GARGOYL	Lambda Fustulus X	The planet's sky is a bright green, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb2.gif	
GARZFDV	Conjunctivitus Disraeli II	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif		
GATDKAM	Reaganus Harrison VI	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
GATEWAY	Alpha Hamburguesus III	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
GAYFART	Phi Wallace XI	The sky is puce fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
GAYPWND	Gamma Dyxichix V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.			
GBCROCI	Xi Molotov VII	The sky is a brilliant blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif		
GBIFFSV	Alpha O'Mally VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta15.gif		
GBXTXUJ	Upsilon Unicornius V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb1.gif
GBZAOZQ	Omicron Dyxichix IX	The sky is a vivid yellow, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
GBZXAKH	Sigma Lee VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
GCFOZWI	Kappa Saladus IX	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, dominated by a system of white rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb2.gif	
GCHUDAG	Phi Perfunctus V	The sky is pink fading into lavender near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	
GCJFZPU	Cattusdoggus Mott V	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgaliena10.gif
GCLPOVS	Pi Westinghouse II	The sky is an oppressive orange, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
GCOWUDL	Zeta Linoleus X	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
GCYKWII	Iota Belletaco IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.			
GDFTDOE	Alpha Nipperus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb3.gif		
GDGPQOH	Lambda Gromulus IX	The planet's sky is a bright yellow, and a azure-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
GDHJYWM	Equipajus Haggard II	The planet's sky is a pale red, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif		sgaliena9.gif
GDLRSPR	Chi Taylor XI	The sky is viridian fading into turquoise near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala16.gif	
GDQYEZT	Rho Pelicanus I	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	
GDTCCZO	Chi Lepidopterus I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green, dominated by a system of black rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		
GDUMVOG	Saladus Taylor II	The sky is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
GDYUUFS	Delta Diverticulus IV	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
GEFZCQR	Slobulus Brown III	The sky is a uniform red, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta18.gif		
GEKIWGG	Xi Bubblicius VIII	The sky is an oppressive yellow, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.			sgaliena1.gif
GELEVEN	Sigma Nipperus IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.			
GELQOIO	Zeta Cromulus III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy azure-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		
GEMINIS	Omicron Cancerus X	The sky is a deep green, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
GERHILD	Mu Bananaramus XI	The sky is an oppressive green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgaliena5.gif
GETDATA	Upsilon Humptydumptus X	The sky is green fading into ruby near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.			
GETJINX	Eta Polepositioni XI	The planet's sky is a dim turquoise.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
GFEDCBA	Zeta Taylor VIII	The planet's sky is a dim blue.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
GFKIZTX	Pi Mousketeerus VII	The sky is a bleached blue, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta1.gif		sgaliena1.gif
GFNJLSN	Chi Noriega XI	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
GFQLXCU	Zeta Martin IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb4.gif
GFSWSUK	Blivebarkerus Walker VI	The planet's sky is a deep blue.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
GFWDUAV	Theta Huxtable II	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
GFYLNIM	Omega Phlebitis X	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb1.gif
GGBEAUU	Belletaco Williams XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant silver, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala18.gif	
GGGGGGG	Psi Nichols III	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb7.gif
GGHSMEH	Dominatrix Easthouse X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
GGINHHO	Iota Corpulus X	The planet's sky is a pale green, punctuated by mottled yellow-colored and white clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif		
GGLLGIZ	Omega Mack XI	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
GGMEWZH	Upsilon Allen VIII	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
GHASTLY	Omicron Paulreiserus V	The sky is a deep pink, punctuated by mottled grey and cerulean-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
GHBSOKH	Psi Billclintonus IX	The sky is a bright orange, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala9.gif	
GHGBBHB	Misogynus Durden X	The sky is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta20.gif		
GHIEOWC	Psi Allopecius I	The sky is a uniform yellow, dominated by a system of navy-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
GHIJKLM	Epsilon Fritus V	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb6.gif		
GHMUORH	Theta O'Sullivan XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
GHOCXOB	Nu Corpulus X	The sky is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
GHOSTLY	Psi Wallace V	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
GHRARTC	Alpha Crematorius V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb2.gif
GHSEQXC	Lambda Huxtable IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, punctuated by mottled mustard-colored and grey clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif		
GHVWLVX	Gamma Shannahan VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
GHZVLNJ	Misogynus Walker IV	The sky is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
GICQONP	Equipajus McMahon II	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and white clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
GIDORMU	Upsilon Tyler IX	The sky is purple fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb8.gif		
GIFTGTM	Tau Nicholson IV	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
GIHXVNB	Iota Diverticulus III	The planet's sky is a hazy red, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala10.gif	
GIOMHHH	Eta White I	The planet's sky is a brilliant azure.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb4.gif	
GIPKHRU	Lambda Easthouse VII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb3.gif		
GIRJFJZ	Omega Wilson X	The planet's sky is a dim rose.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
GISOAOW	Gamma Goldthwait I	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
GIWMWRF	Dyxichix Roosevelt XI	The sky is a dim periwinkle.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgaliena10.gif
GJAZGWN	Kappa Bob III	The planet's sky is an oppressive red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
GJNBSOA	Omega Tyler X	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy aquamarine-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
GJOKCCY	Zeta Pennington V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
GJXCDSD	Phi Humptydumptus V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
GKARGOG	Omicron Stemple VII	The sky is a bright blue, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
GKDXFNP	Gamma Shafer IX	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.			
GKJZNYC	Bearthurus Reagan VII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.			
GKKSRGS	Epsilon Bearthurus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
GKPORQG	Allopecius Noriega X	The sky is a hazy green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	
GKTDQJL	Linoleus Nelson IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
GKYVDYZ	Psi Smith IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright red, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
GLBNNVX	Lambda Haggard X	The sky is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala8.gif	
GLCYLRM	Alpha Waldorfus V	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.			
GLISTER	Iota Perambulus V	The planet's sky is a pale pink, and a crimson-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb5.gif
GLITTER	Xi King III	The sky is a vivid red, speckled with puffy periwinkle-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.			
GLMMWHT	Conjunctivitus Nicholson V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb9.gif		
GLNHPYL	Paulreichus Woodward IX	The planet's sky is a bright yellow, speckled with puffy black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
GLNIZOG	Delta Belletaco VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb1.gif
GLOWNMF	Phi Nichols XI	The sky is sepia fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
GLXSUBD	Corpulus Mott I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive aquamarine, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
GMAJOIO	Gamma Linoleus IX	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
GMJSIYD	Nu Dunn IX	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.			sgaliena3.gif
GMRJBUK	Zeta Johnson VIII	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
GMTBJJR	Epsilon Discothecus X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, punctuated by mottled black and black-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala2.gif	sgaliena1.gif
GNABTIX	Psi Clinton XI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
GNCNDYI	Beta Trixrabbitus X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.			
GNDLBKG	Trixrabbitus Martinez VIII	The planet's sky is a bright red, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.			
GNDYHEA	Crunkuli Sanford X	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
GNLONOQ	Rho Crunkuli VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif		sgalienb6.gif
GNNVUTF	Kappa Rodriguez XI	The planet's sky is a deep green, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta13.gif		
GNNZBVF	Omega Moore X	The planet's sky is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
GNUXOOC	Epsilon Reaganus VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	There are no moons visible.			
GNWNTEI	Nu Anderson III	The sky is a brilliant cerulean.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala6.gif	
GNXKOIF	Pacmanicus Thomas VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
GOBZFHD	Eta Bubblewrapium VII	The planet's sky is a uniform blue.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	
GOGGLES	Kappa Bob V	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
GOHNCOH	Chi Mousketeerus XI	The sky is a hazy pink, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb2.gif
GOJHOXU	Reaganus Sullivan IX	The sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb10.gif
GOLRBMO	Pi Pelicanus VII	The sky is a dim blue, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
GOOFNFN	Tau Paulreichus II	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
GOQCBRB	Omicron Rodriguez IV	The sky is a deep red, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
GOTOPAX	Tau Mott II	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala6.gif	
GOWLYTU	Bubblicius Johnson VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
GPBRSRL	Tau Goldthwait IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb2.gif	
GPFKZLD	Humptydumptus Hernandez VI	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb9.gif	
GPJCFLV	Theta Clark XI	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala6.gif	
GPOVCJV	Epsilon Slobulus I	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
GPQDCWS	Alpha McNichols XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgaliena4.gif
GPUFPQW	Chi Brown XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
GPWIRJT	Kappa Molotov IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant red, and a aquamarine-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc1.gif	
GQBAPVG	Perfunctus Martin VIII	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta19.gif		
GQFXKTO	Gamma White VI	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta8.gif		
GQGBGET	Sigma Dudebaddus III	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
GQIEZWQ	Misogynus Moore X	The sky is a brilliant yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
GQNOYSP	Billclintonus Martinez VI	The planet's sky is a vivid orange, dominated by a system of aquamarine-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgaliena10.gif
GQRZMVG	Sigma Linoleus VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
GQUUCMC	Perambulus Moore VIII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, dominated by a system of silver-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
GRACIAS	Cancerus Woodward IV	The planet's sky is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta18.gif		
GRANITE	Bob Woodward IX	The sky is a bright pink, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
GRAVITY	Iota Saladus XI	The planet's sky is a vivid orange, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
GRAYSON	Waldorfus Wilson X	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
GRCNGOW	Mu White VIII	The sky is a brilliant blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	
GRCWDWT	Epsilon Garfunkel VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
GRDCPRN	Diggusduggus Symington I	The sky is orange fading into indigo near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta20.gif		
GREGORY	Omega Paulreichus II	The planet's sky is a pale pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
GREYCAT	Zeta Crustulus III	The sky above the horizon is a bright red, punctuated by mottled azure-colored and pale blue clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		
GRHNKVA	Xi Gronulus VIII	The sky is a bleached blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
GRIFFIN	Allopecius Brown II	The sky is a uniform orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala18.gif	sgaliena9.gif
GRIMACE	Tau Martinez VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
GRIMDOG	Lambda Mexicanus V	The planet's sky is a dim gray, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala9.gif	sgaliena5.gif
GRJKDLO	Bubblicius Reagan VII	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of mauve-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
GRLCRYA	Omega Nipperus VIII	The sky is a bleached blue, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
GRRFYHX	Eta Cardboardius I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
GRSRZMM	Psi Hamburguesus VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb2.gif
GRTNDQN	Abbrevianus Stemple XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, with a dense covering of cyan-colored clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
GRYDSJQ	Phlebitis Jones II	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.		sganimala18.gif	
GSAHAVA	Pannus Noriega XI	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb10.gif
GSERBPK	Mousketeerus Jackson V	The sky is a brilliant pink, and a olive-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta17.gif		
GSQKFQS	Phi Thomas II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
GSSLYOB	Iota Jones V	The planet's sky is a uniform pink, and a blue-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb8.gif
GSTNAHI	Abbrevianus McNichols III	The sky is cerulean fading into pink near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
GSUSISI	Zeta Billclintonus IV	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
GSZQGML	Beta Unicornius X	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif		
GTCMKYE	Iota Walker X	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
GTHWAIT	Kappa Bananaramus IV	The planet's sky is an oppressive red, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb1.gif
GTUSVXV	Sigma Meadows III	The sky is red fading into teal near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
GUDPXAX	Diggusduggus Stemple VI	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta18.gif		
GUMMGSX	Lambda Harris VIII	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
GUPEXFN	Beta Nichols XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright cyan.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb8.gif		
GUVDPWG	Nu Smith V	The sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.			
GUWRLTT	Mu Nicholson X	The sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.			
GUZXDWO	Epsilon Crustulus I	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange, dominated by a system of white rings.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgaliena5.gif
GUZXZWZ	Mu Mexicanus X	The sky is a dim green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
GVDPTEK	Pannus Johnson III	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
GVJJOZI	Mu Woodward VI	The sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.			
GVKYJWG	Chi Mousketeerus VII	The sky is an oppressive navy, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
GVPDIHD	Rho Lepidopterus VI	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb1.gif
GVSWYKM	Epsilon Jackson XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
GVVMESP	Omega Bubblicius VII	The sky is a vivid silver.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif		sgalienb5.gif
GVZODTG	Chi Benedict VIII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
GWBIWXY	Omicron Allopecius II	The sky is a bleached orange, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.			
GWHUSCG	Beta Nipperus VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
GWIWYLZ	Phi O'Mally X	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala5.gif	
GWKAUMN	Tau Perambulus IV	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif		
GWNFNYT	Kappa Molotov I	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
GWOKLRZ	Beta Rodriguez VI	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
GWPPMAW	Blivebarkerus Mack VI	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgaliena10.gif
GWVMDOA	Mousketeerus Symington III	The sky is a bleached red, speckled with puffy viridian-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
GWVSFXN	Alpha Spitzner VI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
GWZVDWP	Dickbutkus Anderson X	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
GXCRTBF	Zeta Thomas II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant burgundy, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
GXDMPND	Tau Crematorius X	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three small moons hang in the sky.			
GXJZDPL	Reaganus Harrison XI	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta20.gif		
GXQRICM	Phi Madison IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb3.gif
GXUGMEP	Pi Crustulus VIII	The sky is a bright yellow, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
GXVYQZL	Xi Scabrus I	The sky is a deep orange, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
GXYDUTF	Delta Perfunctus VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala1.gif	
GYIDLIA	Blivebarkerus Zevon XI	The planet's sky is a uniform green.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
GYJJRBR	Beta Waldorfus XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta10.gif		sgalienb5.gif
GYMZCLU	Iota Smith VI	The planet's sky is a uniform blue, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.			
GYPPAGB	Alpha Equipajus XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid azure.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc2.gif		sgalienb6.gif
GYSKGTV	Theta Fredfordus VIII	The planet's sky is a deep periwinkle.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		sgalienb2.gif
GYSTXRM	Gronulus Bush III	The sky is a hazy red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.			
GYVNYAF	Nu Bearthurus VII	The sky is a brilliant blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb5.gif
GYZXATL	Tau Slobulus X	The sky is violet fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif		
GZAAAAA	Omega Linoleus X	The sky above the horizon is a dim green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
GZGRWZA	Omega Cartwright III	The sky is a brilliant blue, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.			
GZIYTFV	Psi Belletaco V	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
GZNEPFG	Pi Isaacson X	The sky is a hazy yellow, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb4.gif	
GZOFXIB	Mu Diverticulus VI	The sky is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta10.gif		
GZRQOTS	Paulreiserus Adams IV	The planet's sky is a dim red, dominated by a system of black rings.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
GZWEAPU	Kappa Stemple XI	The planet's sky is a bright green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
GZWUHLA	Lambda O'Reilly XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
HAAAAAA	Omicron Lee VII	The sky is a deep blue, punctuated by mottled crimson-colored and pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
HAAAAAB	Lambda McDonald XI	The sky is a uniform rose.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif		
HABITAT	Tau Washington X	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
HABOXOI	Sigma Hippidipsus VIII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
HACKING	Upsilon DuPree VIII	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
HADANTE	Delta Khan XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
HAFAVOT	Psi Crustulus III	The sky is an oppressive red, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.		sganimala3.gif	
HAFNIUM	Eta Williams V	The planet's sky is a brilliant pink.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
HAGGARD	Beta Bellegrandus IX	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
HALCYON	Phi Waldorfus VII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
HALIBUT	Linoleus Romero IX	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
HAMBAGU	Delta Khan XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
HAMMOND	Chi Cheetus I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue, dotted by occasional wispy vermilion-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	
HANSOLO	Chi Dunn IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb3.gif
HAORDBF	Pi Equipajus V	The sky is a vivid pink, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
HARAMBE	Omega Adams II	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala14.gif	
HARKENS	Sigma Nelson X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
HARMONY	Eta Paulreiserus VII	The planet's sky is a deep mustard.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
HASCDEY	Epsilon Waldorfus XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive sepia, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
HASSIUM	Lambda Moore VII	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue, punctuated by mottled orange-colored and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif		
HATEBIT	Bubblicius O'Sullivan I	The sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
HATSUNE	Zeta Smith III	The planet's sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
HAXIZBN	Eta Hamburguesus IX	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
HBDPDXT	Chi Crunkuli VIII	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgaliena5.gif
HBJNOQW	Beta Fredfordus VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb1.gif	
HBMRGMA	Psi Stemple XI	The sky is vermilion fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala13.gif	
HBNQWMA	Delta Crematorius VII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
HBULOAF	Lambda Mousketeerus I	The sky is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
HBYUDNX	Iota Bananaramus IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
HBZWJQL	Hippidipsus Mills VI	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	
HCHQWBV	Yodeli Shafer V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
HCJSQJZ	Beta Gromulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright lavender.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
HCLBERH	Alpha Perfunctus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
HCLVACT	Psi Nichols IV	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala5.gif	
HCNCZOW	Omicron Paulreiserus V	The sky is a deep pink, punctuated by mottled grey and cerulean-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb2.gif
HCNKHCM	Mu Unicornius V	The sky is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.			
HCVLPTT	Phlebitis Moore II	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb9.gif
HDEFINE	Chi Brown V	The sky above the horizon is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
HDMTHBJ	Humptydumptus Smith III	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgaliena9.gif
HEAIJKF	Sigma Williams I	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgaliena8.gif
HEALTHY	Hamburguesus Stipe XI	The planet's sky is a bright sienna, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
HEBTCFJ	Iota Williams III	The planet's sky is a brilliant red, speckled with puffy beige-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
HEGINRB	Sigma Capulet VIII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
HEKKUXR	Theta Sullivan X	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
HELLBOY	Theta Rodriguez IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif		
HESACFM	Epsilon Montague IX	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif		sgalienb8.gif
HEUZKRK	Rho Misogynus II	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif		
HEXDPPH	Eta Thomas VIII	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb7.gif	
HEXPHRL	Nu McMahon II	The sky is a hazy orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala7.gif	
HEYDAGW	Zeta King XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif		
HEYLADY	Tau Saladus XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta3.gif		
HFGHPRU	Pi Goldthwait XI	The sky is an oppressive ecru, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
HFJIBOC	Lambda Robinson VIII	The planet's sky is a deep blue, punctuated by mottled turquoise-colored and tan-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
HFKZULY	Upsilon Woodward V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
HFLVIBX	Phi Molotov VI	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena2.gif
HFYATIB	Epsilon Harris VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled white and pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
HGAQGTL	Dickbutkus Pennington X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala19.gif	
HGDKVID	Gamma Pacmanicus II	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala9.gif	
HGEXTFI	Omicron Peterson V	The sky is a bleached pink, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
HGOWXOR	Beta Mack XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive teal.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif		
HGQEHKV	Sigma Romero V	The sky is amber fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb8.gif	
HGQQHBJ	Phi Shatner I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.			
HGXGRSB	Pi Reynolds XI	The sky is a uniform indigo, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
HHAENFZ	Omicron Dudebaddus X	The sky is an oppressive yellow, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
HHBOYLR	Mu Bubblicius I	The sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
HHHZVAN	Iota Slobulus IV	The planet's sky is a bright pink, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb2.gif	
HHINJVS	Iota Fustulus II	The planet's sky is a bright orange, and a mustard-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
HHKGYGB	Eta White I	The planet's sky is a brilliant azure.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.			
HHUGJBM	Scabrus Allen VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
HHZKSPT	Eta Waldorf IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif		
HIJKLMN	Zeta Conjunctivitus III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, with a dense covering of azure-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta12.gif		
HIJVFXV	Theta Capulet V	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta7.gif		
HIKGFBC	Delta Cheetus III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala10.gif	
HIMMLER	Iota Reaganus I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange, with a dense covering of crimson-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
HIPJLWQ	Omicron Blivebarkerus VI	The sky is a brilliant lilac, punctuated by mottled white and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala3.gif	
HIPSTER	Rho Nelson I	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
HIQAUGX	Upsilon Cattusdoggus VIII	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb5.gif
HIRPJJN	Pacmanicus Brown VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
HITHERE	Iota Dyxichix VII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
HIWNIJV	Omicron Haskell III	The sky is an oppressive red, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb8.gif	
HIWOWHU	Phi Reaganus VI	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
HJCDPDU	Phi Bob XI	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of tan-colored rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
HJEBUEY	Fritus Reagan VII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
HJFAEAS	Iota Dickbutkus II	The planet's sky is a uniform orange, dominated by a system of yellow-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
HJFSFFG	Psi McDurkee I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
HJGJKBE	Eta Noriega V	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif		
HJJBIGH	Conjunctivitus Miller X	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
HJRWYTS	Phi Dickbutkus IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled amber-colored and white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	
HJSMIMK	Iota Conjunctivitus IV	The planet's sky is a hazy red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta2.gif		
HJUIIEE	Phi Nipperus XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled sepia-colored and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
HJUTHPS	Leprus Black XI	The planet's sky is a hazy cream.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif		sgaliena10.gif
HKAEWSP	Bearthurus Shatner X	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif		sgaliena9.gif
HKBOYFO	Zeta Mack IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
HKJJVFJ	Iota Romero V	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink, dominated by a system of pink rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.			
HKLJJNW	Misogynus Tyler X	The sky is a dim yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb10.gif
HKNONST	Sigma Goodman IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
HKNXQMX	Gamma Allen I	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
HKPYFCX	Gronulus Franklin X	The sky is a dim green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
HKQGPWO	Tau Billclintonus VIII	The sky is orange fading into violet near the horizon, with a dense covering of black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
HKUOBAO	Gronulus Robinson II	The sky is a deep orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala18.gif	
HKVHQUZ	Iota Lepidopterus X	The planet's sky is a pale green, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	
HKZQDFC	Upsilon Cardboardius III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta12.gif		
HLJCKNN	Reaganus Stipe X	The sky is a bright blue, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb9.gif
HLSRQZT	Epsilon Washington XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three small moons hang in the sky.			
HLUMDHT	Sigma Bearthurus XI	The sky is brown fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
HMADLFW	Tau Tyler XI	The sky is cornflower fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.			
HMKECXE	Pi Robinson V	The sky is a deep pink, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
HMKIKAM	Omicron Harris VII	The sky is a deep blue, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.			
HMLTSCF	Crematorius Stemple VI	The sky is a bright pink.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
HMMTOJR	Psi Steadwick VIII	The sky is a bleached taupe.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
HMMXNRP	Pi Cartwright III	The sky is a bleached red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
HMOFFLJ	Gromulus Stipe V	The sky is a bright pink, punctuated by mottled pale orange and scarlet-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif		
HMUOXEO	Crustulus Hernandez X	The sky is a vivid yellow, punctuated by mottled white and mauve-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
HMVKMGE	Omicron Milkius IV	The sky is a vivid red, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
HMWHENS	Alpha Nichols III	The sky above the horizon is a bright red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
HMXBXYT	Cattusdoggus Cartwright III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb9.gif	
HMXHKCL	Lambda Hathaway XI	The sky is a bleached cyan.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		sgalienb3.gif
HMYABTH	Tau Bob VII	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of cornflower-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif		
HMZUZQC	Delta Bellegrandus IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb2.gif		
HNFKEIJ	Iota Conjunctivitus II	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
HNGHJFZ	Rho McNichols VI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
HNINHAH	Fredfordus Stemple VII	The planet's sky is a bright blue, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
HNNWQHC	Delta Roosevelt XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim ultramarine, with a dense covering of black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb3.gif	
HNQHMYV	Xi Perfunctus II	The sky is a vivid orange, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc2.gif		sgaliena6.gif
HNSEVRG	Gromulus Spitzner VII	The sky is a bleached blue, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
HNTZDKO	Crematorius Harris IV	The sky is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
HNUSISI	Blivebarkerus Mack VI	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
HOBBITS	Bearthurus Young VII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala19.gif	
HOBOKEN	Linoleus Williams V	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
HODGMAN	Sigma Linoleus XI	The sky is aquamarine fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
HODOXZC	Theta Corpulus VII	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb5.gif
HODRBVO	Theta Huxtable II	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
HOGLWCM	Rho Jackson XI	The sky is taupe fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.			
HOJNLZO	Mu Dickbutkus VII	The sky is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
HOKZISA	Pi Shafer XI	The sky is a uniform green, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb7.gif		
HOLIDAY	Nu Stipe VII	The sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.			
HOLMIUM	Iota Allopecius VII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue, with a dense covering of white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
HONCEXB	Mu Des Moines VIII	The sky is a pale blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif		
HOODZEA	Eta Hippidipsus V	The planet's sky is a dim pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb6.gif
HORIZON	Eta Bubblewrapium II	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		
HOTDOGS	Xi Miller I	The sky is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgaliena7.gif
HOTPXPN	Mu Unicornius VIII	The sky is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
HOUSTON	Bob Franklin VIII	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
HOZELLF	Delta Diggusduggus III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala9.gif	
HPDXMWU	Zeta Jackson II	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala15.gif	
HPGXDQD	Beta Noriega IX	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
HPHRSHN	Psi Microscopius II	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
HPHTVMT	Beta Phlebitis X	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	
HPLKHOR	Lambda White II	The planet's sky is a deep beige, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
HPMRAOL	Beta Slobulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright taupe.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
HPSBQWP	Delta Harris VIII	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.			
HQCTDKP	Dickbutkus Johnson X	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb9.gif		sgaliena9.gif
HQDYTJP	Lambda Discothecus VII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three small moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
HQSYKFE	Alpha Fustulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala3.gif	
HQTTVSW	Gamma Polepositioni I	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta4.gif		sgalienb2.gif
HRGSBKA	Bellegrandus Smith XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb9.gif	sgaliena9.gif
HRHAJSX	Leprus O'Reilly XI	The planet's sky is a vivid black.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta19.gif		sgaliena10.gif
HRIBFGZ	Beta Trixrabbitus X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.		sganimala9.gif	
HRLXRZJ	Xi Nelson XI	The sky is a pale green, with a dense covering of cerulean-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
HRLZRAR	Nu Gromulus I	The sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
HRSETBE	Psi Crematorius IX	The sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif		sgalienb5.gif
HRVCHXZ	Mu Microscopius II	The sky is a deep orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
HRYEXFL	Kappa Bearthurus X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
HRYSPMZ	Pi Stemple VIII	The sky is a bright yellow, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
HSBUIWV	Epsilon Shafer X	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
HSFHZVG	Beta Cancerus IV	The sky above the horizon is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta10.gif		
HSGPMZU	Theta Gromulus VII	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
HSJZXIO	Paulreichus North X	The planet's sky is an oppressive green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
HSMQNPH	Omega Isaacson VI	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of sienna-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
HSSAHTQ	Gronulus Hernandez XI	The sky is a vivid green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
HSWCIFN	Iota Martin XI	The planet's sky is a deep gray, dominated by a system of black rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala5.gif	
HSXEQNC	Gronulus Madison V	The sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
HSYCDCR	Pi Haskell IX	The sky is an oppressive yellow, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
HTCPCBI	Kappa Taylor I	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
HTGNNNN	Psi Microscopius II	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta12.gif		
HTQMRWP	Zeta Dudebaddus I	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
HTRFLZE	Eta Paulreiserus XI	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
HTTMKVF	Leprus Garfield V	The planet's sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb9.gif	
HTVPSZQ	Upsilon Thomas VIII	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala7.gif	
HUCFJGN	Epsilon Cartwright X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
HUFWUZB	Rho Reaganus XI	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta12.gif		
HUGDIPA	Upsilon Equipajus V	The sky is pink fading into ochre near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala3.gif	
HUGEJUE	Alpha Clinton XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
HUITNUK	Alpha Discothecus X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif		
HUKDFWC	Omicron Gromulus IX	The sky is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
HUPCWGL	Omicron Simon V	The sky is a pale pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif		
HUTRBXM	Zeta Mousketeerus III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red, punctuated by mottled black and grey clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc1.gif	
HUWQIHU	Dudebaddus Cartwright I	The sky is a uniform green, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	
HUYEOEC	Theta Diverticulus IX	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
HUYFHMW	Kappa Microscopius IV	The planet's sky is a deep red, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif		
HVBRWJC	Pi Sullivan X	The sky is a bleached green, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgaliena4.gif
HVCDIHU	Cattusdoggus Reynolds XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgaliena9.gif
HVESALZ	Lambda Young IV	The planet's sky is a vivid red, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb8.gif	
HVIEFXI	Alpha Haskell X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala7.gif	
HVLELCV	Upsilon Hernandez V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, punctuated by mottled grey and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
HVMKJDJ	Phi Yodeli IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta11.gif		
HVVRTEM	Phi Bearthurus IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
HWNQIOU	Omicron Paulreiserus XI	The sky is a deep cream, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala2.gif	
HWSYKLX	Beta McDonald IX	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif		
HWYCYBT	Chi Thomas V	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The sky is moonless.			
HXCOOJG	Sigma Bananaramus VII	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
HXFDATM	Mu Cardboardius VI	The sky is a uniform blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.			
HXIUAKN	Theta Discothecus VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
HXOUASW	Delta Benedict VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
HXPDTEZ	Delta Perambulus II	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
HXPFPFE	Nu Sullivan VII	The sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif		
HXPOQFU	Alpha Nelson IV	The sky above the horizon is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
HXQERET	Pi Milkius IV	The sky is a vivid pink, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.		sganimala4.gif	
HXQZTYC	Chi Westinghouse IV	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
HXSDKBZ	Mousketeerus O'Kelly V	The sky is a bleached pink, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
HXUNGKC	Phi Woodward XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled grey and pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala15.gif	
HXVEKPV	Psi Gronulus III	The sky is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta11.gif		
HXYEHJG	Perambulus Easthouse VII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive viridian, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
HXZAPGD	Cattusdoggus Hall I	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.			
HYBORIA	Gamma Microscopius VI	The sky above the horizon is a deep indigo.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala10.gif	
HYPEQTT	Alpha Benedict VII	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
HYQTBSW	Cromulus Taylor III	The sky is a dim red, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
HYSZUNP	Phi Crunkuli VII	The sky is blue fading into cornflower near the horizon, with a dense covering of vermilion-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.			
HYZXXJQ	Paulreiserus Thomas IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
HZAOYUP	Zeta Pacmanicus III	The planet's sky is a dim red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
HZBOUQM	Upsilon Sullivan VI	The sky is pink fading into vermilion near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
HZBRBLV	Zeta Mack X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green, punctuated by mottled lavender-colored and white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
HZFNHSP	Delta Capulet I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
HZJUKQQ	Blivebarkerus Thomas IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb10.gif	
HZKKRFA	Lambda Cheetus V	The planet's sky is a pale pink, punctuated by mottled cream-colored and pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
HZKLXTG	Omega Cartwright III	The sky is a brilliant blue, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.			
HZSLMXN	Perambulus Shafer X	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow, and a cyan-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
HZVSCJJ	Zeta Diverticulus VI	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif		
HZWTCHZ	Lambda Davis XI	The sky is a brilliant ultramarine.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.			
HZYBBAC	Mu Paulreichus V	The sky is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala2.gif	
IAAAAAA	Linoleus Jones IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb9.gif
IADUYUI	Doritus Nichols I	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange, punctuated by mottled grey and ochre-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
IAFXBKZ	Conjunctivitus Wallace III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy white-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
IAMZUUL	Alpha Phlebitis II	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif		sgalienb5.gif
IAOUAVD	Lambda Bananaramus XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive sienna, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala1.gif	
IATEAMI	Diverticulus Mott VIII	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of taupe-colored rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
IBBFZKL	Kappa Gromulus VI	The planet's sky is a bright blue, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta10.gif		sgalienb5.gif
IBBLEBF	Chi Waldorfus I	The sky above the horizon is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			
IBDXALO	Eta Diverticulus VI	The planet's sky is a hazy blue.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta12.gif		
IBLKSAF	Mu Cromulus I	The sky is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
IBUJOUQ	Fredfordus Jones VII	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue, punctuated by mottled grey and pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
IBXLLIS	Tau Nichols X	The sky is yellow fading into tan near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
ICDEPMC	Nu Simon II	The sky is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
ICDVSHR	Waldorfus Thompson II	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc3.gif	sgaliena9.gif
ICHSHPG	Delta Perambulus V	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			
ICJBXXZ	Doritus Nichols I	The sky above the horizon is a bright azure, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc3.gif		
ICUGQEA	Microscopius Reynolds VI	The planet's sky is a uniform blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta17.gif		sgaliena9.gif
IDBHSYL	Gamma Berry VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
IDBKPZJ	Iota Dunn XI	The planet's sky is a pale green, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif		
IDFIVZU	Rho Dickbutkus V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb5.gif		
IDIANYN	Bellegrandus Goldthwait V	The planet's sky is an oppressive golden.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
IDPTGWD	Rho Bubblicius VI	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
IDUDRKC	Psi Crustulus I	The sky is a uniform yellow, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.		sganimala12.gif	
IDZISBM	Nu Corpulus IX	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
IEHBIGZ	Mu Crematorius VIII	The sky is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb1.gif
IEPHKDJ	Mu Bananaramus XI	The sky is an oppressive green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgaliena5.gif
IETFRKX	Pi McNichols V	The sky is a uniform pink, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	
IEUXDPM	Slobulus Goodman VII	The sky is a pale blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala18.gif	
IEWUYZO	Alpha Pannus XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy lilac.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
IEWYKXX	Chi Zevon VII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
IFAYAYM	Chi Bellegrandus VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		
IFFCPKA	Fritus Noriega V	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
IFIBEJX	Phi Stemple I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif		
IFJMBYW	Lepidopterus Benedict VIII	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgaliena10.gif
IFMJOUR	Lambda Crustulus VII	The planet's sky is a bright blue, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb1.gif
IFXDVBK	Chi Capulet II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange, dominated by a system of black-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
IGBSXFO	Delta Benedict III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
IGFIUKN	Iota Discothecus I	The planet's sky is a bleached orange, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
IGGAPXZ	Dickbutkus Madison XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim amber.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala20.gif	
IGGVOYS	Phi Saladus XI	The sky is taupe fading into mustard near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
IGLCKCR	Crustulus Mack I	The sky is an oppressive orange, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala19.gif	
IGSBTFO	Lepidopterus Thomas IX	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif		
IGULTSE	Kappa Fustulus XI	The planet's sky is a bright green, dominated by a system of beige-colored rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
IGVKEZI	Xi Conjunctivitus VII	The sky is a hazy blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala3.gif	
IGWQINR	Kappa Steadwick II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
IGYAIMC	Theta Doritus XI	The planet's sky is a pale green.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
IGZPXOO	Psi Young VI	The sky is a vivid yellow, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
IHBAOKE	Tau Humptydumptus IV	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala3.gif	
IHBFPOX	Mu Draper VIII	The sky is a hazy blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
IHCHFYT	Paulreichus O'Reilly VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, punctuated by mottled white and beige-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		
IHCYTVC	Diggusduggus Rodriguez XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
IHIPMFH	Epsilon Cartwright X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif		
IHRDLVK	Upsilon Cartwright VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif		
IHULKRF	Rho Perambulus IX	The sky is yellow fading into magenta near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
IHVFNPV	Iota Des Moines VII	The planet's sky is a pale blue, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
IIAPHLY	Chi Hall VII	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
IIAVMHQ	Zeta Westinghouse XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala15.gif	
IIIIAAA	Gromulus O'Sullivan VIII	The sky is a vivid yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
IIIIIII	Phi Blivebarkerus VIII	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.			
IIIIOOO	Tau Reaganus V	The sky is blue fading into vermilion near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta3.gif		
IIIOIOO	Theta Tyler III	The planet's sky is a dim red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb8.gif
IIIOOIO	Omicron Saladus I	The sky is a vivid orange, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
IIIOOOI	Rho Saladus XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
IIOIIOO	Omicron Saladus I	The sky is a vivid orange, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
IIOIOIO	Rho Saladus XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
IIOIOOI	Lambda Capulet VIII	The sky is an oppressive orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
IIOOIIO	Lambda Capulet VIII	The sky is an oppressive orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala7.gif	
IIOOIOI	Psi Stipe IV	The sky is a brilliant green, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
IIOOOII	Zeta Diggusduggus XI	The planet's sky is a dim green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	
IIRFOJU	Rho Leprus VI	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
IIWLNEV	Dominatrix Brooks X	The sky above the horizon is a pale green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta19.gif		
IJIOEIZ	Zeta Belletaco III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb1.gif	
IJJVPLF	Rho Perambulus IX	The sky is yellow fading into magenta near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.			
IJKLMNO	Upsilon Cartwright VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
IJKYAKJ	Dyxichix Clinton X	The sky is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
IKCZAFO	Gamma Zevon III	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgaliena4.gif
IKELVIF	Delta Des Moines V	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
IKHKFVZ	Eta Johnson I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
IKPTKYR	Chi Abbrevianus VI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	
IKQJHWV	Psi Diggusduggus I	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif		
IKUGOBX	Xi Conjunctivitus VII	The sky is a hazy blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.			
IKZRDWL	Iota Scabrus XI	The planet's sky is a deep beige, punctuated by mottled lavender-colored and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.			
IKZWCSG	Kappa Bearthurus X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ILAGLKB	Chi Phlebitis VI	The sky is blue fading into periwinkle near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and ecru-colored clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
ILDMCGP	Xi Nipperus II	The sky is a bright orange, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
ILFCXUR	Psi Sanford I	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ILFFKEK	Upsilon Cartwright II	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta14.gif		
ILLHUUE	Phi Huxtable VII	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of orange-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
ILMJJNV	Sigma Capulet IX	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif		
ILSAWXC	Alpha Stemple VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
ILTFHRC	Nu Allopecius VI	The sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
ILYSBYI	Theta Gronulus III	The planet's sky is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc2.gif	
IMGLMOO	Upsilon Cartwright VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
IMGROOT	Lambda Milkius II	The planet's sky is a vivid orange, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc2.gif	
IMHOTEP	Kappa Dominatrix XI	The planet's sky is a uniform green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
IMIHAEW	Pi Garfield I	The sky is a dim orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
IMLOLWI	Hippidipsus Taylor IX	The sky is yellow fading into mustard near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb10.gif
IMPEACH	Eta O'Kelly I	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.			
IMPETUS	Eta Slobulus V	The planet's sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
IMPULSE	Equipajus Waldorf IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, with a dense covering of chartreuse-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala18.gif	
IMRBYDY	Mu Jackson VIII	The sky is a brilliant blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.			sgaliena8.gif
IMXMDRT	Epsilon Saladus XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid violet, and a fuchsia-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb5.gif
IMYHDNR	Xi Pelicanus X	The sky is a dim yellow, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc2.gif		sgaliena6.gif
IMZUNOR	Phi Hall XI	The sky is silver fading into mustard near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgaliena7.gif
INAGEQS	Beta Bob VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif		
INAGPQG	Kappa Reaganus X	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala4.gif	
INEMMOO	Upsilon Cartwright VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif		sgaliena7.gif
INHPPBZ	Pannus Thompson X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta20.gif		
INJECTS	Zeta Cromulus III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy azure-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
INLUKKL	Phi McDurkee V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif		
INOJAOU	Perfunctus Shafer II	The sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
INROQJC	Chi Trixrabbitus VIII	The sky is a uniform blue, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
INWFXIM	Iota McMahon VI	The planet's sky is a hazy pink, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
INWFYDU	Epsilon Hamburguesus V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink, punctuated by mottled grey and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
INXYFMP	Conjunctivitus North XI	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled burgundy-colored and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
IOBTHJF	Psi Franklin IX	The sky is orange fading into puce near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
IOCHTQH	Lambda O'Reilly X	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb7.gif
IOIIIOO	Rho Saladus XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
IOIIOIO	Lambda Capulet VIII	The sky is an oppressive orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
IOIIOOI	Psi Stipe IV	The sky is a brilliant green, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
IOIOIIO	Psi Stipe IV	The sky is a brilliant green, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
IOIOIOI	Zeta Diggusduggus XI	The planet's sky is a dim green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	
IOIOOII	Cheetus Westinghouse IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala20.gif	
IOKDJOK	Omega Molotov XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive auburn.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgaliena5.gif
IOKUUVY	Pi Johnson I	The sky is a brilliant orange, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif		
IOOIIIO	Zeta Diggusduggus XI	The planet's sky is a dim green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
IOOIIOI	Cheetus Westinghouse IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb10.gif
IOOIOII	Pi O'Sullivan VII	The sky is a vivid blue, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
IOOOIII	Chi Thomas II	The sky is orange fading into emerald near the horizon, speckled with puffy mustard-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
IORMAJX	Delta Belletaco VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.			sgaliena1.gif
IOTOPBR	Eta Paulreiserus XI	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif		
IPAFVOX	Omega Cattusdoggus III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.			
IPBVFFZ	Allopecius Spitzner III	The sky is a bleached cornflower.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala18.gif	
IPDHCKX	Paulreiserus Simon I	The planet's sky is a pale orange, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif		sgaliena9.gif
IPNQHMZ	Nu Clark X	The sky is a deep green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgaliena7.gif
IPOQRIA	Cattusdoggus Jones VIII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif		
IPQTMCQ	Omicron Easthouse IV	The sky is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
IPTCXJQ	Phi Diggusduggus XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
IPVRUBN	Rho Stipe X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
IPWQVYY	Phi Doritus V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
IPWTHGN	Lambda Billclintonus V	The sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
IQAONFX	Delta Reaganus XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala10.gif	
IQCULYA	Theta McDonald XI	The planet's sky is a uniform burgundy.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala7.gif	
IQUOEPW	Alpha White VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
IQUYKZZ	Tau Clark III	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
IQVQSXQ	Pi Stemple VIII	The sky is a bright yellow, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
IRABABY	Tau Doritus IX	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
IREHSHK	Phi Durden XI	The sky is violet fading into magenta near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
IRETXLD	Dominatrix Stemple VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta19.gif		sgalienb10.gif
IRHVLBQ	Iota Allen IX	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
IRIDIUM	Lambda Huxtable IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, punctuated by mottled mustard-colored and grey clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	
IRONMAN	Allopecius Khan VI	The sky is a vivid blue, and a lavender-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
ISATRAP	Omega Nipperus VIII	The sky is a bleached blue, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif		sgaliena7.gif
ISCUFYZ	Tau Smith VI	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
ISHJCPV	Eta Hippidipsus VIII	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta12.gif		sgaliena6.gif
ISICBUN	Gamma Pelicanus III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.			
ISQDHMZ	Nu O'Mally VII	The sky is a vivid blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb7.gif	
ISQJNJH	Delta Roosevelt XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim ultramarine, with a dense covering of black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif		
ISTHMUS	Linoleus Stemple X	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta19.gif		
ISWEOGR	Theta Mills XI	The planet's sky is a bright rose.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
ISWYKOY	Omega Goldthwait IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif		
ITCHBOX	Omega Hippidipsus IX	The sky is scarlet fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
ITORXDC	Mu O'Sullivan II	The sky is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
ITOTEMI	Phi Pacmanicus I	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb2.gif	
ITPWJAQ	Dickbutkus Miller II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ITSFLAT	Sigma Young II	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	
ITSMEEE	Gamma Polepositioni II	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			
ITVJETY	Phlebitis Huxtable IX	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ITYVGAJ	Phi Davis I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
IUAGCGY	Cardboardius Hathaway XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta20.gif		
IUFJDGD	Sigma Isaacson VI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
IUJXVGO	Tau Slobulus XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
IUKRBRB	Psi Mexicanus VIII	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif		
IUPMPXB	Lambda Polepositioni VIII	The planet's sky is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled white and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
IUQMBHT	Mexicanus Jones IV	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
IUVOCCE	Cancerus Garcia I	The planet's sky is a deep yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
IVCEPDL	Chi Romero XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
IVGYOHF	Sigma Discothecus IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
IVPVVFR	Xi Smith IV	The sky is a pale pink, punctuated by mottled grey and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc3.gif		
IVRKBUY	Allopecius Khan V	The sky is a vivid pink, speckled with puffy black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
IVWJBSQ	Chi Dominatrix II	The sky above the horizon is a pale red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
IVWMINP	Sigma Nipperus IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		sgaliena3.gif
IVWZXPZ	Xi Goodman VI	The sky is a pale blue, speckled with puffy mauve-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
IVXNFRV	Mu Roosevelt III	The sky is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb8.gif		sgaliena8.gif
IWIRSFZ	Omega Hippidipsus I	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb6.gif		sgalienb6.gif
IWKVBIG	Kappa Goldthwait IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, speckled with puffy black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
IWPNZGW	Nu Meadows VII	The sky is a pale blue.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
IWQCKZD	Omicron Perfunctus VII	The sky is a vivid blue, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
IWSIGDC	Delta Brooks VI	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
IWSYXBF	Phi Harris VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
IWULBPD	Perambulus Easthouse VII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive viridian, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb10.gif
IWYNMXH	Cromulus Shatner X	The sky is a vivid green, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb9.gif
IXBWCCU	Beta Khan X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb4.gif
IXCNEZR	Waldorfus Wilson X	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb9.gif
IXGOVBV	Xi Harris IV	The sky is a deep red, with a dense covering of amber-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
IXGSSPF	Theta Brooks V	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta8.gif		sgaliena4.gif
IXIFMRP	Lambda Westinghouse XI	The sky is an oppressive green.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
IXIIXII	Omicron Perfunctus VII	The sky is a vivid blue, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.			
IXJTBHR	Sigma Lee V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb3.gif
IXMJBFC	Delta Gronulus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, punctuated by mottled black and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalc1.gif	
IXRJIMT	Omicron Roosevelt V	The sky is a dim pink, speckled with puffy vermilion-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc1.gif		
IYBAFXV	Pi Bubblewrapium IV	The sky is a uniform red, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
IYCSXZN	Bob Meadows I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform pink, dotted by occasional wispy amber-colored clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
IYENYHL	Alpha Yodeli I	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
IYHYXFL	Theta Gronulus XI	The planet's sky is a bleached scarlet.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.			
IYJERPQ	Omicron Disraeli I	The sky is a vivid orange, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala14.gif	
IYLXNBB	Psi Washington IX	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
IYTFLEM	Epsilon Thompson VIII	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow, and a cerulean-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif		
IZAJYZL	Tau Rutgers XI	The sky is green fading into white near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
IZEQSNG	Waldorfus Buck VIII	The sky is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.			
IZKWCOI	Psi Stemple X	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
IZMDPPW	Phi Mott I	The sky is white fading into blue near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
IZNEZYQ	Nu Easthouse IX	The sky is an oppressive red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
IZPODQR	Rho Doritus VI	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb5.gif	
IZVWOJM	Gamma Gromulus II	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
JAAAAAA	Delta Brooks XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green, speckled with puffy navy-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala6.gif	
JAAFEVX	Chi Huxtable I	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
JACDEFG	Mu Reagan IV	The sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgaliena7.gif
JACHRGO	Xi Pennington III	The sky is a bleached red, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
JACKSON	Omega Microscopius III	The planet's sky is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb5.gif		sgaliena5.gif
JAIVLGR	Gamma Lee VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue, punctuated by mottled grey and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc3.gif		sgalienb8.gif
JAIYAYE	Omicron Symington VIII	The sky is a bleached yellow, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
JAJEIVX	Pi Johnson XI	The sky is a brilliant green, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
JAMOKER	Psi Isaacson X	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.			
JANBQIL	Mu Yodeli VIII	The sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
JAOYBVW	Omicron Meadows IV	The sky is a pale red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb3.gif	
JAQLRWC	Omega Wallace I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
JARRKET	Nu Slobulus X	The sky is a bright green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
JASMINE	Pi Easthouse VI	The sky is an oppressive pink, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb3.gif		
JAZZMAN	Equipajus Sullivan IV	The planet's sky is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
JBJKTXM	Theta Cattusdoggus I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
JBJWNXW	Nu Mack VII	The sky is an oppressive blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		
JBVALUH	Nu Pennington IV	The sky is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		sgaliena8.gif
JBXAPCK	Xi Moore I	The sky is a brilliant orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and ultramarine-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
JCAEFEI	Tau Spitzner XI	The sky is aquamarine fading into periwinkle near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif		
JCGZSVN	Delta Harris VIII	The sky above the horizon is a dim olive, punctuated by mottled black and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
JCKIALY	Eta Bananaramus X	The planet's sky is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
JCNJTVC	Omicron Rudd XI	The sky is a bright green, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		
JCNNUXN	Cheetus Lewis X	The sky above the horizon is a deep green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.			
JCNRLNA	Humptydumptus Khan XI	The sky is ultramarine fading into green near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif		
JCPNQVU	Gronulus Garcia VIII	The sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb9.gif
JCWVAKE	Cheetus Brooks III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red, punctuated by mottled pale orange and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
JDAOILS	Upsilon Allen VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of ultramarine-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.			
JDBBEUE	Psi Rodriguez V	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink, punctuated by mottled pink and pink-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
JDCLUEA	Psi Thompson I	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb3.gif
JDHRWEV	Theta Perambulus I	The planet's sky is a pale orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta2.gif		
JDORGIP	Nu Stemple I	The sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
JDQGGZY	Iota Jackson XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		
JDTSZNF	Zeta Leprus XI	The planet's sky is a deep teal.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
JDYBUCR	Lambda Huxtable IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, punctuated by mottled mustard-colored and grey clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
JDZVRBI	Alpha Humptydumptus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
JEBANNA	Gamma Madison XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim tan, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
JEBMQZH	Kappa Smith X	The planet's sky is a pale green, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb4.gif		sgaliena4.gif
JEDIJED	Nu Shafer VI	The sky is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
JEGKMUQ	Epsilon Wallace VII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala8.gif	
JEHAVAE	Mu Equipajus X	The sky is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif		
JEHGCVT	Lambda Discothecus I	The planet's sky is a bleached orange, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
JELKFCV	Discothecus McCartney I	The sky is a hazy auburn.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala17.gif	sgaliena9.gif
JEOSVJD	Gamma Roosevelt XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	
JEQARGG	Gamma Des Moines IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow, speckled with puffy tan-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif		
JERAFBY	Crematorius Young VI	The sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
JERERRY	Dudebaddus Capulet IV	The planet's sky is a pale red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
JEZXXHK	Mexicanus Robinson IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif		sgaliena9.gif
JFAAWZS	Doritus McCartney XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy auburn, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb10.gif	
JFCXNXP	Gamma Pelicanus V	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
JFEVHED	Phi Zevon XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif		
JFTMUTD	Eta Blivebarkerus X	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta10.gif		
JFUDOWJ	Epsilon Steadwick I	The sky above the horizon is a bleached orange, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
JFVWGHJ	Xi Nipperus I	The sky is a bright orange, punctuated by mottled black and ecru-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
JFWYTSH	Psi O'Reilly VIII	The sky is a bleached red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb7.gif	
JFXULCA	Chi Diverticulus XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy periwinkle-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif		
JGDPWOR	Zeta Bubblicius IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.			
JGICPMA	Xi Slobulus VI	The sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
JGKXDZF	Xi Gromulus IX	The sky is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif		
JGMGNTY	Mu Waldorfus V	The sky is an oppressive pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
JGYUUAT	Phi Crematorius I	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta11.gif		
JHEHIQR	Lambda Des Moines XI	The planet's sky is a pale green, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala6.gif	
JHJQEVW	Gamma Sanford XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
JHLNIYF	Phi Paulreiserus XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled sienna-colored and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc2.gif	
JHPKMXE	Nu Dunn IX	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
JHTBBYU	Misogynus Tyler X	The sky is a dim yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
JHWTABJ	Iota Goodman IX	The planet's sky is a pale yellow, punctuated by mottled black and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
JIAKKBP	Omicron Gronulus XI	The sky is a bleached auburn, punctuated by mottled white and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala1.gif	
JICKPEE	Kappa Fredfordus IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, punctuated by mottled pale orange and yellow-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala12.gif	
JIFVEOD	Lambda Dyxichix VIII	The sky is a bleached blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
JIIIQKW	Upsilon Buck IV	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb4.gif	
JIJUIXA	Omega Nipperus VIII	The sky is a bleached blue, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
JIMEKWF	Bubblewrapium Goldthwait III	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
JJDCNOA	Mousketeerus Huxtable XI	The sky is an oppressive green, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
JJDKYYB	Kappa Brooks VIII	The planet's sky is a pale yellow, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgaliena7.gif
JJJJJJJ	Psi Bob IV	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
JJLNCHT	Paulreiserus Shatner I	The planet's sky is a vivid orange, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala19.gif	
JJLVNIM	Beta Perfunctus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala4.gif	
JJNNDJJ	Psi Cardboardius X	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala4.gif	
JJOZNZA	Pi Garfunkel IV	The sky is a pale red, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
JJSBHYH	Omega Paulson VIII	The sky is a bleached yellow, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
JJXXAUT	Delta Isaacson VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif		sgalienb8.gif
JJYDCTZ	Rho Tyler XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
JJYYTIO	Lambda Black IV	The planet's sky is a hazy crimson, with a dense covering of mauve-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
JJZDMTF	Delta Peterson III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red, punctuated by mottled cyan-colored and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
JKCKCJD	Kappa Crematorius VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		
JKESLUG	Crunkuli Buck I	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala19.gif	
JKIYPOP	Zeta Fritus IV	The planet's sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala1.gif	
JKLMNOP	Upsilon Madison VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta8.gif		
JKUYFFM	Phi Shannahan II	The sky is orange fading into salmon near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black-colored and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
JKYKNIO	Phi Conjunctivitus IV	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif		
JKZZMQT	Eta Draper V	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		
JLFLHFH	Pelicanus Lennon IV	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta19.gif		sgaliena10.gif
JLTJOPX	Theta Thomas XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant salmon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
JMBPYRJ	Bellegrandus Durden VII	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgaliena9.gif
JMEUQQM	Alpha Crunkuli I	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	
JMQMZZE	Lambda Salisbury XI	The planet's sky is a pale green, dominated by a system of maroon-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb7.gif		sgaliena7.gif
JMULKIW	Lambda Meadows XI	The planet's sky is a pale cerulean, dominated by a system of crimson-colored rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.			
JMXETOU	Lambda Pennington III	The planet's sky is a bleached red, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
JNJMZFW	Gamma Hathaway XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	There are no moons visible.			
JNKRTAI	Theta Taylor IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.			
JNLGHRD	Theta Gronulus VII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
JNONWST	Gamma Fustulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright cyan.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala2.gif	sgaliena1.gif
JNPPTFL	Nu Dudebaddus VIII	The sky is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta10.gif		sgalienb5.gif
JNUIRJH	Psi Fustulus III	The sky is an oppressive red, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
JNVDLUM	Psi Mexicanus II	The sky is lilac fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
JNVJQNR	Phi Thompson VII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb7.gif		sgaliena7.gif
JNXEPBD	Dudebaddus Khan I	The sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb9.gif
JNXMLWY	Omega Mexicanus VI	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, and a blue-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala2.gif	
JNYTODX	Lambda Harris XI	The planet's sky is a deep turquoise, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
JODGDWT	Pacmanicus Mott IV	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
JOEAREC	Eta Rudd XI	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
JOENDYM	Dominatrix Wallace XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgaliena10.gif
JOERGER	Beta Diverticulus VII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
JOHNSON	Pacmanicus Hall XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala17.gif	
JOHNWIW	Phi Nite VII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
JOHUCKH	Kappa Goldthwait IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant ecru, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
JOLLIES	Delta Perfunctus II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
JONPVAA	Bellegrandus Symington XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached ruby, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	
JOURNAL	Sigma Unicornius II	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
JOVGLLU	Iota Black X	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
JOWXIJD	Lambda Lepidopterus IX	The planet's sky is a pale yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta3.gif		
JOZXYQK	Eta Misogynus II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
JPBQLRV	Omicron Pacmanicus VIII	The sky is a dim yellow, punctuated by mottled white and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif		
JPBZQMQ	Psi McCartney I	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and green-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
JPNHQYJ	Beta Draper I	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif		
JPPULNH	Kappa Corpulus I	The planet's sky is a pale orange, dotted by occasional wispy magenta-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
JPQLHKP	Zeta Madison XI	The planet's sky is a dim green.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.			
JPRXXAH	Unicornius Goldthwait V	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		sgaliena10.gif
JQCNTAP	Yodeli Draper VI	The sky is blue fading into vermilion near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala19.gif	
JQGXZOP	Lambda Nicholson IV	The planet's sky is a dim red, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
JQIYVMP	Delta Microscopius X	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
JQNPDCN	Beta Unicornius II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb1.gif	
JQNXBLP	Equipajus Waldorf IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, with a dense covering of chartreuse-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif		
JQRWISX	Dickbutkus Mills VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
JQSHCSR	Fredfordus Roosevelt III	The planet's sky is a dim red, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta19.gif		sgalienb10.gif
JQWDJIH	Epsilon Slobulus VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	
JQWKZCX	Unicornius Shannahan X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
JQZFEYN	Rho Simon VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc3.gif	sgaliena8.gif
JRBJDFO	Beta Garcia I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
JRCUPZV	Phi Smith V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
JRICVCI	Lambda Martin I	The sky is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
JRKNYSC	Psi Leprus II	The planet's sky is a pale red, dominated by a system of tan-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
JRMVCNY	Rho Des Moines III	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala15.gif	
JRQZVQB	Iota Crustulus IV	The planet's sky is a bright red, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
JRYGODY	Lambda Smith IX	The planet's sky is a pale yellow, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
JRYIBPI	Phlebitis Nipperus VII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb10.gif	
JSAWCCV	Psi Stipe IV	The sky is a brilliant green, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.		sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
JSBFZQV	Fritus Clark XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep green, punctuated by mottled lilac-colored and pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	
JSDKWDF	Eta Zevon V	The planet's sky is a uniform pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala13.gif	
JSDZYEP	Omicron North VII	The sky is a hazy blue, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif		
JSETUNB	Theta Hamburguesus II	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
JSOCMKR	Lambda Hall IX	The sky is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgaliena4.gif
JSYJLHC	Rho Allen V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.			
JTAPLRX	Bubblewrapium Roosevelt II	The sky above the horizon is a dim black.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala20.gif	
JTAYPTD	Doritus Des Moines III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
JTCCBJC	Tau Harris VIII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
JTNMOSL	Upsilon Paulreichus XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	
JTNXRYY	Kappa Romero IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive purple, punctuated by mottled pale orange and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif		
JTOEBES	Omicron Gromulus IX	The sky is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
JTPOHQQ	Rho Simon VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
JTRUMEA	Psi Blivebarkerus VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached ultramarine.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta10.gif		
JTXRVGN	Omega Bananaramus II	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
JTYONJS	Eta Meadows V	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
JUGMWZN	Psi Bob VIII	The sky is an oppressive amber, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	
JUGULAR	Pi Waldorfus VIII	The sky is an oppressive blue, dotted by occasional wispy gray-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
JULIEZS	Delta Harris VIII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.			
JUNPURI	Xi Adams XI	The sky is a dim tan, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb7.gif	
JUPITER	Upsilon Corpulus V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb5.gif
JUSTINA	Zeta Fredfordus VI	The planet's sky is a deep pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb2.gif
JVKDXCO	Gamma Salisbury I	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
JVQEYDG	Nu DuPree XI	The sky is a pale teal.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
JVRVJES	Crunkuli Reagan X	The sky is a hazy green, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala17.gif	
JVVDIJX	Perfunctus Hernandez VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb10.gif		
JVWNBVL	Alpha Smith VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
JWDNOCN	Omicron Milkius XI	The sky is a vivid green, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
JWJBKMO	Epsilon Pennington VII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
JWRMVAE	Abbrevianus Lee III	The sky is red fading into purple near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala19.gif	
JWRWQYZ	Gamma Huxtable X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
JWVADQC	Theta Yodeli XI	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala12.gif	sgaliena6.gif
JWWIPDD	Nu Unicornius VII	The sky is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif		
JWYMGSC	Omicron Slobulus VIII	The sky is a bright blue, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala9.gif	sgaliena5.gif
JXBZCWD	Sigma Dickbutkus XI	The sky is beige fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
JXRCVCL	Upsilon Brooks II	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
JXUYUPH	Xi Dyxichix VIII	The sky is a vivid yellow, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
JYBKRQE	Eta Jones III	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
JYCCTUO	Gamma Tyler III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
JYGIMAC	Lambda Pelicanus V	The planet's sky is a dim gray, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta10.gif		sgaliena5.gif
JYHABRZ	Nu Smith I	The sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb8.gif
JYHAHTS	Chi Trixrabbitus IV	The planet's sky is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif		
JYNPJMJ	Mexicanus North IX	The sky is vermilion fading into blue near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
JYSFSJC	Gamma Dunn XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
JYYJWGK	Billclintonus Roosevelt XI	The sky is maroon fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
JZIEZAC	Xi Cromulus III	The sky is a bleached red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
JZNHJKR	Zeta Pennington V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
JZSGXEX	Xi Misogynus VIII	The sky is a bleached yellow, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
JZSORCG	Omicron Paulson VII	The sky is a bright blue, punctuated by mottled turquoise-colored and beige-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
JZUFGFX	Iota Yodeli IX	The planet's sky is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
JZXVFGZ	Microscopius Madison VIII	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala19.gif	
KAAAAAA	Chi Perambulus XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and golden-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif		
KAAAAHN	Rho Doritus III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
KACDLEY	Sigma Meadows X	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
KADABRA	Kappa Gromulus VII	The planet's sky is a bright blue, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala12.gif	
KADRNLZ	Mu Dominatrix X	The sky is a uniform green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala9.gif	
KAGILSZ	Lepidopterus Clark XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep green, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
KAHRSLO	Omega Bubblicius V	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	
KAIPRLS	Pi Pacmanicus II	The sky is a dim orange, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb2.gif
KAKYKJS	Pi Fritus I	The sky is a pale orange, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc1.gif	
KALADSH	Discothecus Johnson I	The sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
KALALEQ	Phi Easthouse VII	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif		
KAOYYDY	Sigma Noriega XI	The sky is sepia fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
KASVSNV	Nu Humptydumptus II	The sky is a dim orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
KAXVUKZ	Epsilon Brown III	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red, dominated by a system of purple-colored rings.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
KAZSJWK	Delta Misogynus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
KBJGZIE	Upsilon Dunn III	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala7.gif	
KBJVMPD	Delta Crematorius VII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
KBNCHVD	Beta Lepidopterus I	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
KBOLUJY	Lambda Cooper XI	The planet's sky is a hazy green, punctuated by mottled rose-colored and white clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb8.gif	
KBPHVVO	Psi Conjunctivitus VIII	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.			
KBRWABQ	Upsilon Smith VIII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		
KBTOTLT	Epsilon Phlebitis VI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			
KBUBMYC	Bubblewrapium Goldthwait III	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala18.gif	
KCAZQLB	Theta Paulson XI	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	
KCDOAGY	Crustulus Taylor III	The sky is a brilliant red, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
KCIPAYY	Xi Smith VI	The sky is a uniform green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
KCJKWUJ	Omega Humptydumptus IV	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta11.gif		
KCJZFBM	Pi Polepositioni IV	The sky is a dim red, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb1.gif	
KCOEOQK	Zeta Conjunctivitus III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, with a dense covering of azure-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb6.gif		
KCRVJWW	Xi Adams VI	The sky is a dim pink, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
KCTHVWB	Psi McDurkee IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
KCTOHYB	Xi Nichols III	The sky is a bright red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
KCWLJMZ	Beta Harris XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb7.gif
KDDOULM	Beta Saladus I	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif		
KDEIXHK	Dyxichix Johnson VI	The sky is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
KDFOWCY	Billclintonus O'Kelly XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, and a indigo-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		sgaliena10.gif
KDKABIA	Theta Thompson VI	The planet's sky is a deep blue.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
KDOTKQH	Omega Phlebitis X	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
KDWSJTO	Perfunctus Mills II	The sky is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
KDXSZOC	Rho Tyler X	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
KDXWAZO	Crunkuli Stemple VI	The sky is magenta fading into teal near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif		
KDYQWNL	Theta Paulreiserus IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif		
KEDAVRA	Alpha Harris III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
KEKCFWS	Dudebaddus Thompson I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
KELEVEN	Dyxichix Martinez X	The sky is a deep green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
KELLWHD	Diggusduggus Adams XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
KELPIES	Paulreiserus Dunn XI	The planet's sky is a pale green, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
KEMTOAN	Zeta Crustulus III	The sky above the horizon is a bright red, punctuated by mottled azure-colored and pale blue clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala2.gif	
KENONOB	Rho Goldthwait XI	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
KERMITS	Omicron Corpulus V	The sky is a pale pink, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
KEROKOL	Iota Belletaco IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala1.gif	
KEVFMBG	Phi Cancerus III	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala9.gif	
KEVKMKL	Alpha Peterson XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.		sganimala7.gif	
KEVNZTT	Zeta Dudebaddus I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive orange, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
KEXOEKE	Saladus Cartwright XI	The sky is a bleached olive.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	
KFMRCMZ	Gamma Goldthwait II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
KFNXNKD	Beta Rudd V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgaliena4.gif
KFQPAFR	Omega Molotov XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive auburn.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
KFRPPKW	Zeta Bob VII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
KFTLHLG	Xi Haggard VI	The sky is a pale blue, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala8.gif	
KGCPERO	Bananaramus Hernandez II	The planet's sky is an oppressive red, punctuated by mottled grey and pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc3.gif		
KGCXVGD	Rho Lennon I	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb7.gif		sgaliena7.gif
KGLVIAF	Gamma Martinez VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		
KGOKEDE	Dickbutkus Stipe IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala18.gif	sgaliena9.gif
KGRCDVY	Theta Isaacson X	The planet's sky is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala6.gif	
KHBWQAM	Pi Draper V	The sky is a hazy pink, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
KHEVWUO	Sigma Buck XI	The sky is brown fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		sgalienb3.gif
KHKQJCK	Phi Humptydumptus V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala3.gif	
KHNHRWP	Upsilon Bellegrandus IX	The sky is yellow fading into ecru near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb5.gif	
KHNVCHK	Chi Goldthwait VII	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		
KHRITEK	Pelicanus Brown XI	The sky is green fading into white near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta20.gif		
KHSPFTK	Eta Doritus IV	The planet's sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
KHVBEHR	Delta Des Moines V	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala14.gif	
KHZOWLN	Lambda Huxtable VIII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
KHZYJLS	Microscopius Buck I	The planet's sky is a bright orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta19.gif		
KIAOOCX	Sigma Romero V	The sky is amber fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgaliena8.gif
KICKASS	Alpha Pacmanicus IV	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta1.gif		
KIDUMRQ	Yodeli Allen XI	The sky is turquoise fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
KIFSIBK	Xi Polepositioni X	The sky is a dim green, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
KIJJINH	Pi Polepositioni IV	The sky is a dim red, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb1.gif	
KILLERZ	Gamma Billclintonus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
KIMJONG	Hippidipsus Draper VIII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb10.gif
KINGDOM	Gamma McCartney V	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
KINIDXR	Pi Bubblewrapium IV	The sky is a uniform red, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		
KINMOZA	Pannus Lennon XI	The sky is ruby fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled cream-colored and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
KIOJCZD	Iota Conjunctivitus V	The planet's sky is a hazy pink, speckled with puffy red-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala3.gif	sgaliena2.gif
KIPJLCX	Zeta Linoleus X	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb1.gif	
KIRQCIK	Upsilon Scabrus V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled salmon-colored and black clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
KIRYUKM	Upsilon Stemple II	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		
KITTIES	Upsilon Williams III	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of golden-colored rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta13.gif		
KIWLSTV	Cancerus Anderson IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
KIWMGLY	Zeta Molotov IX	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow, punctuated by mottled pale blue and taupe-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb5.gif
KIZDYYL	Eta Pacmanicus XI	The planet's sky is a dim green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb2.gif		sgaliena2.gif
KJDPXXT	Rho Goldthwait XI	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
KJFIWWL	Sigma Hall XI	The sky is tan fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
KJKIBPR	Lambda Corpulus IV	The sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
KJRBCMI	Iota Bob VII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
KJVLLMT	Iota Capulet VI	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink, dominated by a system of grey rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
KJVNYGL	Bananaramus Brown XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb9.gif
KJYNYSQ	Cromulus Rudd IX	The sky is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy navy-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
KJYVIZD	Abbrevianus Mills X	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and cream-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
KJYZHXY	Upsilon Anderson IX	The sky is yellow fading into cyan near the horizon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala5.gif	
KKAQCBU	Omicron Stemple VII	The sky is a bright blue, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
KKFLOAU	Lepidopterus Meadows VI	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		sgalienb10.gif
KKGVIUV	Chi Abbrevianus X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of lilac-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb6.gif
KKIINRQ	Pi Draper IX	The sky is a hazy yellow, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
KKILUGK	Delta Perfunctus II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
KKLBZXX	Nu Capulet V	The sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
KKPOTMC	Nu Bearthurus III	The sky is a brilliant red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
KKRKGCF	Pi Garfield IV	The sky is a dim pink, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
KKUVMBY	Psi Conjunctivitus X	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgaliena2.gif
KKWJVKG	Hippidipsus Meadows IX	The sky is yellow fading into turquoise near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
KKXKSSZ	Chi Jackson XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
KKZLSKQ	Tau Slobulus V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
KLCCLSV	Rho Cromulus VI	The sky is blue fading into cerulean near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
KLEBIJV	Eta Zevon II	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgaliena8.gif
KLKBEMX	Zeta Cromulus V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	
KLKJGMV	Omicron Abbrevianus IX	The sky is a hazy yellow, dominated by a system of grey rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb6.gif
KLMNOPQ	Hamburguesus Young II	The planet's sky is a vivid red, with a dense covering of cyan-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
KLZJZZI	Chi Hamburguesus III	The planet's sky is a pale red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb1.gif
KMENSNW	Upsilon O'Mally II	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
KMFKCBJ	Xi McMahon VII	The sky is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of cyan-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
KMGLXEM	Rho Draper II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif		sgaliena4.gif
KMNBAYF	Perambulus Goldthwait III	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgaliena9.gif
KMSGUGT	Tau Sullivan II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta6.gif		
KMYQSWD	Sigma Robinson X	The sky is yellow fading into taupe near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
KNEMGUR	Pi Draper IX	The sky is a hazy yellow, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif		
KNHRYDP	Psi Dominatrix I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala1.gif	
KNNKCFW	Tau Capulet IV	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala6.gif	
KNOWING	Pi Goldthwait III	The sky is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena3.gif
KNUYASO	Linoleus Williams XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
KNYEXEE	Mu Black VI	The sky is a hazy pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
KOABYNJ	Rho Perfunctus XI	The sky is crimson fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.		sganimala9.gif	
KOATYFD	Lambda Diggusduggus I	The planet's sky is a dim orange, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala4.gif	
KOBOLDS	Xi Anderson XI	The sky is a brilliant black, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb3.gif
KOHEWSL	Goldthwait Thompson I	The planet's sky is a deep orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
KOLCONI	Mu Garcia XI	The sky is a deep green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
KOLWIKI	Psi Fustulus III	The sky is an oppressive red, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif		
KOOCKPR	Gamma Conjunctivitus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
KOOPERM	Sigma Young XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
KOPIJOL	Nu Brooks V	The sky is a pale pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
KOSNYGC	Beta Hippidipsus I	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgaliena5.gif
KOXTRRD	Delta Cattusdoggus III	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif		
KPJTYYZ	Beta Unicornius VI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
KPMPVTX	Delta Scabrus IX	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
KPPHVEF	Iota Black XI	The planet's sky is a hazy green, dotted by occasional wispy white-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
KPQCNNO	Alpha Pennington X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
KPWYFBQ	Phi Khan VIII	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
KPZXAKK	Phi Dominatrix IX	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb6.gif	
KQAOTJH	Pelicanus Brown XI	The sky is green fading into white near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
KQBFXRS	Sigma Paulreiserus X	The sky is yellow fading into silver near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
KQBWCCW	Tau Capulet IV	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
KQEPYLH	Bananaramus Lennon VIII	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and lavender-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
KQFTTAV	Zeta Fritus II	The planet's sky is a pale orange.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc2.gif	
KQIJOSY	Bananaramus Smith X	The sky above the horizon is a dim green, punctuated by mottled ultramarine-colored and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
KQQGNYN	Beta Billclintonus XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy ecru.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
KQQQZGF	Chi Benedict VIII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		
KQTEFPR	Upsilon Williams III	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of golden-colored rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena7.gif
KQTVBCH	Eta Stemple IV	The planet's sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
KQUHRLE	Phi Woodward V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
KQVIVZG	Phi Wallace III	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
KQVXHPQ	Kappa Bob IV	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink, punctuated by mottled pale orange and purple-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb2.gif		sgalienb2.gif
KQWCSSO	Alpha O'Mally X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
KQWDDFI	Gamma Dominatrix VIII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
KRAMPUS	Hippidipsus Noriega VI	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	
KRBYXKG	Theta Taylor IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb3.gif	
KRGKAYX	Iota Des Moines VII	The planet's sky is a pale blue, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
KRIJKAK	Kappa Benedict IX	The planet's sky is a dim yellow, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
KRJQEMF	Zeta Thomas II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant burgundy, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
KRLSWVI	Theta Johnson X	The planet's sky is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
KRMONDZ	Rho Mexicanus II	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
KRMTKTS	Delta Slobulus VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
KRVGYOY	Zeta Leprus VII	The planet's sky is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.		sganimala1.gif	
KRXVHMT	Pi Crunkuli IV	The sky is a bright pink, punctuated by mottled lavender-colored and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgaliena6.gif
KRYPTON	Chi Humptydumptus VII	The sky is vermilion fading into orange near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.		sganimala11.gif	
KSEGLRW	Pi Corpulus V	The sky is a pale pink, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
KSHAANC	Nu Milkius III	The sky is a vivid red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	
KSUJHUU	Delta Benedict VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
KSVTUAH	Lambda Nicholson VI	The planet's sky is a dim lavender, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgaliena4.gif
KSZQKNQ	Delta Billclintonus VI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink, and a vermilion-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	
KTDPYUG	Eta Shafer VIII	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
KTITWZT	Upsilon Anderson IX	The sky is yellow fading into cyan near the horizon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
KTJGTRS	Belletaco Walker VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
KTKXJID	Bananaramus Benedict VI	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
KTRWOGB	Upsilon Johnson IV	The sky is ecru fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
KTVZCCH	Bubblicius Belvedere IX	The sky is a bright cyan, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
KUKURYY	Delta Mills VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
KUNLFHE	Fustulus Miller X	The sky is a brilliant green, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta20.gif		sgaliena10.gif
KUOVASH	Bubblicius Disraeli V	The sky is a deep red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif		sgaliena10.gif
KUTMHZD	Fustulus Nicholson IX	The sky is a dim yellow, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala20.gif	
KUZIYIY	Xi Polepositioni I	The sky is a dim orange, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	
KVCKCRW	Upsilon Madison VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
KVCMDUP	Zeta Mack X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green, punctuated by mottled lavender-colored and white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
KVDEYHY	Gamma White VI	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
KVNLOYU	Dickbutkus Mills VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif		
KVTYBEL	Billclintonus Washington XI	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
KVWYAGA	Alpha White VIII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant periwinkle.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
KVWYSYX	Lambda Fritus III	The planet's sky is a pale red, with a dense covering of emerald-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
KVYAZJO	Tau Crematorius XI	The sky is green fading into teal near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb6.gif		
KWCQMOC	Gamma Microscopius VIII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
KWICDRP	Phi Blivebarkerus VI	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.		sganimala9.gif	
KWJXCPM	Belletaco Stipe VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
KWKXQAV	Epsilon Jones V	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow, speckled with puffy emerald-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
KWQNIPG	Omicron Hippidipsus IV	The sky is a dim pink, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
KWWUXMI	Upsilon Diverticulus VI	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
KWWWWWK	Eta Moore IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant red.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala15.gif	
KXAHTWG	Rho Perfunctus VIII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
KXHXRWR	Zeta O'Sullivan III	The planet's sky is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
KXPNWUN	Pi Young XI	The sky is a bleached green, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
KXUJVAU	Mexicanus Dunn VIII	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.			
KXWUEAI	Mu Dudebaddus XI	The sky is an oppressive mauve.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
KYEQHUI	Fredfordus Rudd II	The planet's sky is a bright red, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
KYEQMLC	Xi Dudebaddus XI	The sky is an oppressive green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.			
KYMEUZL	Zeta Dunn II	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
KYSBSOO	Omicron Reaganus III	The sky is an oppressive red, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif		sgalienb5.gif
KYSCLXM	Rho Harrison IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif		
KYWTQRO	Goldthwait Sanford IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
KYZRJIN	Sigma Martin XI	The sky is tan fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
KZAJDFX	Phi DuPree II	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif		
KZBOJZS	Sigma Phlebitis XI	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb2.gif
KZOOKYS	Beta McDonald IX	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala15.gif	
KZPFTIC	Psi Mousketeerus II	The sky is a uniform orange, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif		
KZQQDAU	Psi Belvedere III	The sky is a pale tan.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif		
KZUYOVV	Pi Harris IV	The sky is a dim red, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
KZVINAU	Delta Brown V	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
KZYKKKA	Psi Dudebaddus IX	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
LAAAAAA	Omega O'Kelly VIII	The sky is a bleached beige.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
LAAAAME	Zeta Pacmanicus II	The planet's sky is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgaliena6.gif
LAASLYG	Pi Bearthurus IX	The sky is a brilliant yellow, speckled with puffy ecru-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
LABELLE	Iota Buck II	The planet's sky is a bright orange, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
LABIATZ	Pannus Jackson III	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta19.gif		
LACRIMA	Chi Scabrus IX	The planet's sky is a bright pink, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala4.gif	
LAJHAJU	Xi Unicornius III	The sky is a uniform red, punctuated by mottled white and ochre-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
LALALAL	Rho Mack V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
LALJJTW	Gronulus Stemple X	The sky is a bright green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
LAMGBLD	Zeta Wilson XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
LAMPWVI	Kappa Crematorius VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta11.gif		sgalienb6.gif
LANGARA	Chi Phlebitis VI	The sky is blue fading into periwinkle near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and ecru-colored clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta10.gif		
LAYICMK	Microscopius Smith V	The planet's sky is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
LAZARUS	Kappa Smith I	The planet's sky is a pale orange, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
LBBYULG	Omicron Saladus I	The sky is a vivid orange, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
LBGZICX	Upsilon Crematorius VIII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala10.gif	
LBJVZGI	Lambda DuPree II	The sky is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc2.gif		
LBONVAL	Xi Wallace XI	The sky is a uniform navy.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
LBRHIHA	Beta Gromulus V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.		sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
LBUEBZG	Upsilon Billclintonus III	The sky is green fading into tan near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
LCAKKSP	Trixrabbitus Steadwick XI	The sky is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
LCJGNTF	Epsilon Shatner XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
LCMIAPG	Perambulus Salisbury II	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.		sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
LCNUPCV	Upsilon Hall XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
LCOGWZH	Mousketeerus Washington II	The sky is a dim red, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif		
LCTKJOY	Mu Thompson VIII	The sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb8.gif
LCTSARR	Upsilon Bananaramus X	The sky is yellow fading into ruby near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	
LDBIJEZ	Diverticulus Isaacson IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.			
LDBZSEJ	Pi Martin IX	The sky is a deep yellow, dotted by occasional wispy sienna-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
LDGNYJC	Cancerus Harrison I	The planet's sky is a dim orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
LDJHZTN	Reaganus Westinghouse VII	The sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
LDRGUKN	Xi Tyler VII	The sky is a dim blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif		
LDUTDGB	Lambda Molotov IV	The sky is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala11.gif	
LDYQWGB	Nu Woodward XI	The sky is a bright green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.			sgaliena3.gif
LEATHER	Psi Nichols IV	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.			
LEGOLAS	Beta Steadwick V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
LENGMWW	Omega Harris IX	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif		
LEONINE	Rho Molotov III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		
LEOPOLD	Mu Misogynus I	The sky is a bleached orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.			sgaliena2.gif
LEVGGFY	Epsilon Perambulus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif		sgalienb2.gif
LEWKYBZ	Upsilon Roosevelt IV	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgaliena4.gif
LEYKNKD	Nu Pacmanicus VI	The sky is a dim pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta10.gif		sgalienb5.gif
LFCQJVH	Chi Paulson VIII	The sky is a bright green, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala14.gif	
LFCUGBN	Nu Adams I	The sky is a dim orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb7.gif	
LFEIHZU	Psi Haskell XI	The sky is red fading into aquamarine near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta6.gif		
LFEJCRZ	Alpha Nelson IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb3.gif		
LFEPHQI	Omicron Mott V	The sky is an oppressive pink, punctuated by mottled white and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala13.gif	
LFKSKWO	Nu Bush I	The sky is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
LGHIHCU	Leprus Brown VIII	The planet's sky is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		sgaliena9.gif
LGMIEAS	Delta Scabrus IV	The sky above the horizon is a deep red, punctuated by mottled sienna-colored and fuchsia-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
LGNKPME	Upsilon Stemple I	The sky is orange fading into violet near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
LGNQLHC	Mu Milkius VI	The sky is a vivid pink.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.			
LGPKHXR	Chi Mack VI	The planet's sky is a deep blue, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
LGSJMUG	Psi Billclintonus IV	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
LGZQODQ	Epsilon Symington XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached ultramarine, punctuated by mottled white and pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
LHCZGRR	Omicron Milkius IX	The sky is a vivid yellow, with a dense covering of teal-colored clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif		sgaliena1.gif
LHKMQBM	Phi Garcia XI	The sky is crimson fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
LHNIUHL	Leprus McCartney I	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
LHRCEPZ	Omicron Doritus VIII	The sky is a pale yellow, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.			
LHRSHZO	Pi Cartwright III	The sky is a bleached red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
LHVCKXZ	Omega Martin II	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif		sgalienb4.gif
LHYXVNP	Upsilon Waldorfus XI	The sky is orange fading into white near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgaliena6.gif
LIBERTY	Pi Doritus III	The sky is a pale red, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
LICENSE	Pi Jackson IV	The sky is a brilliant red, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc1.gif	
LICMBQD	Saladus Capulet XI	The sky is an oppressive green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala20.gif	
LIEZAOX	Gamma Slobulus X	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb1.gif
LIIRKDD	Xi Crematorius VI	The sky is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
LILSIXN	Waldorfus Wilson X	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgaliena9.gif
LIMFZFL	Leprus McCartney I	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala19.gif	
LINDSAY	Upsilon Cartwright VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb7.gif	
LINDSEY	Billclintonus Durden III	The sky is a brilliant yellow, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
LINXGEC	Saladus Franklin VII	The sky is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif		
LITHIUM	Xi Rudd X	The sky is a bright green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.			
LIWREBJ	Pi Pelicanus II	The sky is a dim orange, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
LIYMOXK	Rho Simon IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb3.gif
LJCBOWW	Chi Brooks VIII	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
LJIRQTY	Kappa Dudebaddus IV	The planet's sky is a hazy red, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta12.gif		
LJJGIZU	Bubblicius Martin VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta20.gif		sgalienb10.gif
LJJXGFN	Upsilon McNichols II	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
LJMANWQ	Xi Jones III	The sky is a brilliant red, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
LJQIGQZ	Rho Tyler XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
LJRQILX	Perfunctus Mills II	The sky is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif		
LJTCNNM	Delta Dickbutkus I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
LJXLDKP	Iota Dunn IV	The planet's sky is a pale red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc1.gif	
LKCDDVN	Omega Taylor IX	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
LKCTTXB	Upsilon Doritus II	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb6.gif	
LKDJKVD	Sigma Taylor V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif		
LKJUFUV	Eta Diverticulus VI	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
LKJYWCK	Omicron Easthouse IV	The sky is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb8.gif	
LKLAWQN	Sigma Perfunctus V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif		sgaliena5.gif
LKNIAAX	Psi Allen IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
LKUPHKL	Sigma Lee V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta6.gif		
LLAPAEO	Psi Stemple XI	The sky is vermilion fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
LLIRYFB	Delta Diggusduggus III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgaliena5.gif
LLLAILX	Rho Durden I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
LLLLLLL	Phi Blivebarkerus VI	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta9.gif		sgalienb5.gif
LLLYQVL	Phi Waldorfus II	The sky is brown fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalc1.gif	
LLNZBDI	Nu Hathaway V	The sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
LLQASFI	Kappa Goldthwait IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant ecru, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala4.gif	
LLTANBF	Diverticulus Madison IV	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
LLXDTPP	Kappa Rodriguez XI	The planet's sky is a deep green, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
LLZQEYM	Delta Cromulus V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
LMAONMW	Zeta Bubblicius IV	The planet's sky is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala4.gif	
LMBANZE	Eta Sullivan IX	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
LMDNXPF	Mu Cheetus IV	The sky is a pale red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.			
LMIINNA	Humptydumptus Disraeli X	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.		sganimala17.gif	
LMIWXUZ	Nu Mills IV	The sky is a bright red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
LMJCWDZ	Zeta Scabrus XI	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	
LMMHGQF	Omicron Gromulus IX	The sky is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta2.gif		
LMNOPQR	Iota Abbrevianus VIII	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
LMORDXU	Upsilon Madison V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of burgundy-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala16.gif	
LNEGKFL	Omicron Cancerus IV	The sky is a deep red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgaliena5.gif
LNFGQKW	Xi Microscopius XI	The sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb5.gif		
LNKSPKY	Nu Dominatrix IV	The sky is a uniform pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
LNLIUBR	Beta Cooper XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy cornflower.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
LNLPHOG	Beta Paulreiserus III	The sky above the horizon is a deep red.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
LNNKEYS	Sigma Shannahan V	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.			
LNVMIDD	Delta Diverticulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green, speckled with puffy ecru-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb5.gif	
LNXVXOP	Omicron Miller IV	The sky is a brilliant red, punctuated by mottled black and pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb7.gif		sgaliena7.gif
LOATHIN	Diggusduggus Smith V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb10.gif
LOBICZC	Epsilon Hamburguesus X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid rose, punctuated by mottled pale blue and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
LOEMORT	Goldthwait McMahon XI	The planet's sky is a hazy rose.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb9.gif
LOGGOQO	Cattusdoggus Robinson I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
LOIVOQO	Phi Thompson VII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
LOLIWGJ	Xi Scabrus IV	The sky is a deep red, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		
LOLOLOL	Crunkuli Draper X	The sky is ruby fading into ochre near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb10.gif
LOLPEMG	Lambda Lewis X	The planet's sky is a deep green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
LOTBTYI	Iota Scabrus XI	The planet's sky is a deep beige, punctuated by mottled lavender-colored and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif		
LOUZAEZ	Linoleus Williams XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
LOVEKOL	Trixrabbitus Waldorf V	The planet's sky is a hazy red, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.		sganimala19.gif	
LPCXJYD	Bananaramus Lennon VIII	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and lavender-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
LPDHHKT	Omega Thompson X	The sky above the horizon is a dim green.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
LPHGVUI	Gamma Discothecus IX	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
LPLYNKJ	Leprus Capulet IV	The planet's sky is an oppressive red, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
LPNOITN	Xi Wallace VIII	The sky is a uniform blue, speckled with puffy golden-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
LPOHCWB	Dominatrix King VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
LPOJSKE	Mexicanus Montague II	The sky is orange fading into salmon near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
LPVKYNV	Sigma Fredfordus XI	The sky is scarlet fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
LQATGFZ	Iota Des Moines IX	The planet's sky is a pale yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb8.gif
LQFBDEC	Kappa Hamburguesus VII	The planet's sky is a vivid mauve, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta11.gif		
LQFVPMF	Phi Shannahan II	The sky is orange fading into salmon near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black-colored and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif		
LQMEUXZ	Lambda Hernandez VIII	The sky is a vivid blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
LQNCZFA	Sigma Equipajus IV	The sky is red fading into taupe near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb6.gif
LQOPGOM	Iota Fritus I	The planet's sky is a pale orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
LQOQXAQ	Omega Garcia XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
LQRWNXZ	Rho Clark VI	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala5.gif	
LQTLFZP	Kappa Anderson V	The planet's sky is a brilliant pink, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
LQTRSDV	Chi Smith XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgaliena4.gif
LQZQEJS	Upsilon Symington XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.			
LRATUHA	Rho Hernandez VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
LRAZTII	Omega Dominatrix VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
LRDKOJG	Tau Goldthwait X	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
LRJMXBH	Alpha Scabrus II	The sky above the horizon is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb1.gif
LRKXCAJ	Delta Paulreichus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb2.gif		
LRLLCVY	Upsilon Roosevelt IV	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	
LRPXPYM	Linoleus Thompson X	The sky above the horizon is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
LRSBVMS	Phi Crematorius I	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	
LRTNKEU	Epsilon Jackson II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
LRWNBAL	Rho Unicornius X	The sky is ruby fading into green near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
LRXREJS	Upsilon Symington XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
LSAIPCD	Conjunctivitus Romero VII	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif		
LSKBFAP	Diverticulus Khan VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, dominated by a system of sienna-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
LSMKLRD	Nu Molotov III	The sky is a brilliant red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
LSQMJUP	Lambda Goldthwait VII	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue, punctuated by mottled aquamarine-colored and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
LSSSUPE	Beta Discothecus V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb6.gif
LSTIHRD	Gamma Perfunctus V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
LSUMKQR	Omicron Cancerus III	The sky is a deep cerulean, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
LTERZGV	Nu Lennon XI	The sky is a hazy turquoise.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	
LTEVTBX	Epsilon Rodriguez V	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
LTGUXTC	Pelicanus Cooper X	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb10.gif
LTKSXFT	Reaganus Berry II	The sky is a uniform red, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
LTUPTDA	Iota Fredfordus VI	The planet's sky is a deep blue, punctuated by mottled white and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgaliena2.gif
LUBZQKK	Hippidipsus Thompson V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala19.gif	
LUCIFER	Lambda Lepidopterus X	The planet's sky is a pale green, dominated by a system of white rings.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		
LUCUKMN	Scabrus Thomas VIII	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
LUGWBZE	Hippidipsus Sanford XI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
LUKZBWS	Omicron Abbrevianus VII	The sky is a hazy blue, punctuated by mottled yellow-colored and pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala3.gif	
LULDJOP	Phi Nichols XI	The sky is sepia fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta7.gif		
LULLABY	Chi Hathaway XI	The sky is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
LUMBAGO	Alpha Hamburguesus IX	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		sgalienb6.gif
LUQTVKC	Omega Clinton IV	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala15.gif	
LURPBXH	Unicornius Reynolds VII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif		
LURWWPQ	Sigma Brooks II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala15.gif	
LUXHVWP	Lambda Paulreiserus IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	
LVAVELQ	Equipajus Sullivan IV	The planet's sky is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
LVHVSTN	Delta Brown IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
LVIGJWD	Lambda King IV	The planet's sky is a vivid crimson, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
LVJLDHK	Nu Hathaway V	The sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
LVTEBIN	Misogynus Washington V	The sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
LVTZOVD	Omega Waldorfus VI	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
LVXFTYW	Alpha Bubblicius VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb5.gif
LWAFWUK	Zeta Fritus II	The planet's sky is a pale orange.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb6.gif
LWGBJDL	Tau Belletaco IV	The sky is red fading into purple near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif		sgalienb2.gif
LWJAAIM	Gamma Cheetus III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
LWJHWLM	Diverticulus Garcia XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif		
LWKEPFF	Bellegrandus Symington XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached ruby, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
LWLSBYX	Nu McDonald I	The sky is a uniform orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala13.gif	
LWNUGTE	Psi Capulet III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
LWQLYXV	Pi Fustulus I	The sky is a bright orange, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
LWTAAYX	Theta Paulreiserus IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb5.gif	
LWVCOHZ	Delta Cancerus VI	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink, with a dense covering of black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.			
LWVSEKG	Upsilon Microscopius IV	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala3.gif	
LWXBQAZ	Pi Roosevelt XI	The sky is a dim green, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgaliena7.gif
LWXKDFU	Sigma Spitzner VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
LWYBJVV	Chi Westinghouse X	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala6.gif	
LXAAPNR	Omega Phlebitis X	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
LXALLBG	Sigma Discothecus IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala4.gif	
LXCLVRX	Billclintonus Stemple XI	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
LXDPTAU	Xi Bearthurus IV	The sky is a brilliant red, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
LXEGSBR	Sigma Young II	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala15.gif	
LXRMMLG	Epsilon Hippidipsus III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb6.gif	
LXTFNST	Psi Slobulus VII	The sky is a vivid orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta9.gif		sgaliena5.gif
LXXOGGT	Psi Milkius IX	The sky is a bright blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
LXXOVBP	Mu Crematorius III	The sky is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
LYBSUCE	Psi Belletaco XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
LYCADDN	Iota Shafer X	The planet's sky is a uniform green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.			sgaliena4.gif
LYJKUZQ	Crematorius McDonald V	The sky is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
LYMIGXQ	Rho Reaganus XI	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
LYNXIAS	Chi Clark VII	The planet's sky is a vivid blue, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
LYODOJR	Theta Phlebitis IX	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb2.gif
LYSHRUU	Cardboardius Garcia VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgaliena9.gif
LYTHELY	Delta Bubblicius IX	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
LYTSWIX	Iota Zevon VIII	The planet's sky is a uniform blue, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
LYXUDRY	Epsilon Jackson VIII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.			
LZFRSNJ	Rho Johnson VIII	The sky is blue fading into emerald near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
LZJBGRL	Alpha Perfunctus V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif		
LZKPNBU	Iota Capulet VIII	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
LZLEJYX	Pi Polepositioni II	The sky is a dim orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
LZOPPPG	Iota Doritus XI	The planet's sky is a pale burgundy, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala12.gif	
LZTLWPM	Chi Unicornius V	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		sgaliena1.gif
MAAAAAA	Psi Lewis IX	The planet's sky is a bright orange, punctuated by mottled white and pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta16.gif		sgaliena8.gif
MACHINE	Rho Franklin XI	The sky is maroon fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
MACKSYP	Nu Allopecius IV	The sky is a bleached red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
MADNESS	Xi Capulet V	The sky is an oppressive pink, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
MADONNA	Xi Linoleus X	The sky is a uniform green, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc1.gif	
MADRONA	Delta Scabrus IV	The sky above the horizon is a deep red, punctuated by mottled sienna-colored and fuchsia-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
MAESTRO	Gamma Molotov V	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant fuchsia.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	
MAGGPZS	Xi Disraeli II	The sky is a vivid red, punctuated by mottled pink and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
MAJOPFZ	Sigma Roosevelt IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
MALCUVY	Beta Nichols III	The sky above the horizon is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
MALEFIC	Lambda Shatner VIII	The sky is a vivid yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
MAMAMIA	Mu King X	The sky is a vivid green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgaliena8.gif
MANANAZ	Phi Mott V	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	There are no moons visible.			
MANATEE	Kappa Fredfordus IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, punctuated by mottled pale orange and yellow-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb6.gif
MANBOBI	Alpha Des Moines X	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala5.gif	
MANGOES	Polepositioni McDonald X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
MANHDNT	Psi Humptydumptus I	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb1.gif
MAOJUNX	Pi Gronulus XI	The sky is a bleached cerulean, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta11.gif		
MAQMQRN	Mu McMahon V	The sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc3.gif		
MARTIND	Mu Misogynus I	The sky is a bleached orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	
MATEGUC	Lambda Spitzner VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow, dominated by a system of blue-colored rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala13.gif	
MAYATHH	Pi Doritus V	The sky is a pale gray, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
MBAIBSE	Cattusdoggus Tyler III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy chartreuse.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb10.gif
MBDXMMX	Omega Cattusdoggus III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
MBFAAGU	Pi Cancerus III	The sky is a deep red, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb1.gif	
MBITTVT	Pi Lennon X	The sky is a hazy green, punctuated by mottled grey and pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
MBKVAZA	Mu Cardboardius VI	The sky is a uniform blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
MBOIZMJ	Lambda White II	The planet's sky is a deep beige, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala8.gif	
MBPDQBK	Conjunctivitus Cartwright XI	The sky is lavender fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
MBZXVNM	Alpha Benedict V	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
MCASLDE	Theta Milkius VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb2.gif		sgaliena2.gif
MCEGBWW	Nu Scabrus VI	The sky is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
MCFMTCO	Epsilon Gronulus IV	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red, speckled with puffy brown-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.			
MCHHZUU	Beta Polepositioni I	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
MCIIYTJ	Pi Bubblewrapium IV	The sky is a uniform red, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
MCIPWQH	Lambda Madison VI	The planet's sky is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
MCSROIW	Beta Davis V	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb8.gif
MCSTUMP	Xi Berry X	The sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc3.gif		
MCSUSNP	Xi Berry X	The sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc3.gif		
MCSUTNP	Trixrabbitus Young IX	The planet's sky is a bright pink, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The sky is moonless.			
MCTKCYN	Sigma Crematorius II	The sky is orange fading into fuchsia near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.			
MCVGILR	Upsilon Walker VI	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif		
MCVRVRR	Eta Humptydumptus IX	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
MCXBZPS	Eta Diverticulus VI	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb1.gif	
MCXWUOQ	Iota Davis VIII	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala16.gif	
MCYGRFN	Phi Adams VIII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
MCYTPFY	Lambda Pennington III	The planet's sky is a bleached red, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The sky is moonless.			
MDBDTJH	Psi Thompson VII	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
MDIRBSO	Waldorfus Disraeli V	The planet's sky is a deep magenta, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif		sgaliena9.gif
MDOALXH	Fustulus Berry X	The sky is a bright green, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta17.gif		
MDPPDHM	Epsilon Hathaway III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
MDWWMIJ	Iota Fritus I	The planet's sky is a pale orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
MEANING	Alpha Pacmanicus VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
MEASURE	Rho Fritus X	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
MELINOE	Chi Reaganus VII	The sky is an oppressive gray.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
MELISSA	Phlebitis White V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.		sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
MELONIA	Gamma King II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.			
MERCURY	Zeta Bush VI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue, speckled with puffy olive-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
MERONAT	Iota Diverticulus III	The planet's sky is a hazy red, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
MERWACC	Xi Mack VII	The sky is an oppressive blue, speckled with puffy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
METROID	Theta Misogynus II	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	
MEUHMGE	Mu Cheetus VIII	The sky is a pale white.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta3.gif		
MEUMSZZ	Linoleus Martinez IX	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgaliena10.gif
MEURLFH	Sigma Allen X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
MEXMENT	Saladus Madison XI	The sky is a dim cornflower.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala19.gif	
MFBIJEU	Gronulus Pennington V	The sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
MFBYXGU	Delta Unicornius IX	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow, and a green-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
MFCIBIS	Psi Clinton I	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif		
MFDNYIU	Phi McNichols IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
MFFPBAP	Beta Abbrevianus XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb1.gif		sgaliena1.gif
MFGVDPE	Chi Trixrabbitus II	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
MFPRQOB	Lambda Yodeli XI	The planet's sky is a bright green, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
MFQJCZI	Mu Des Moines V	The sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala6.gif	
MFSBGHX	Hippidipsus Reagan V	The sky is ruby fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
MFUUDRB	Equipajus Draper V	The planet's sky is a hazy pink, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
MFYKJSL	Bananaramus Garfunkel IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
MFYNAWS	Delta Misogynus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
MGAYUMJ	Nu Montague VIII	The sky is an oppressive ochre.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
MGBXGAT	Psi Easthouse VI	The planet's sky is a bright orange, and a golden-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.			
MGDLMGD	Gronulus Mott IX	The sky is an oppressive rose.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
MGIPFGO	Tau Bellegrandus III	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
MGKTCOF	Diggusduggus O'Sullivan III	The sky is red fading into puce near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
MGOCWRP	Iota Bubblicius III	The planet's sky is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
MGSWXII	Zeta Smith II	The sky above the horizon is a pale brown, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb8.gif		
MGVXHTV	Omega McDurkee III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
MGXOWLU	Lambda Nicholson IV	The planet's sky is a dim red, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif		
MHCTIAH	Cardboardius Meadows VI	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.			
MHGRBGS	Lambda Peterson IV	The planet's sky is a bleached red, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
MHMINSB	Rho Perambulus IV	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
MHMQHVW	Chi Nite VII	The sky is a bleached yellow.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala7.gif	
MHRJBKN	Rho Goldthwait XI	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
MICHAEL	Zeta Wilson XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala16.gif	
MIDGARD	Upsilon Brooks VI	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgaliena3.gif
MIGGFSP	Zeta Conjunctivitus III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, with a dense covering of azure-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
MILITBA	Iota Fredfordus XI	The planet's sky is a deep beige, with a dense covering of yellow-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala3.gif	
MINSTER	Eta Fustulus II	The planet's sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb2.gif
MIOZNKA	Psi Wallace III	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive cornflower.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
MIRZABD	Upsilon Cattusdoggus IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb6.gif
MISFITS	Omicron Haskell III	The sky is an oppressive red, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.			
MISTAKE	Delta Young III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached cerulean, speckled with puffy cerulean-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
MITRXUX	Nu Gromulus V	The sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
MITTENS	Omega Discothecus VIII	The sky is a bleached beige.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.			
MIYRGMG	Lambda Benedict IV	The sky is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
MIYSAQQ	Conjunctivitus Stemple X	The sky is green fading into golden near the horizon, with a dense covering of viridian-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
MJBFIBE	Omicron Goldthwait II	The sky is a brilliant orange, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
MJCEHPU	Gamma Pacmanicus V	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	
MJRPGXQ	Discothecus Stemple V	The sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.			
MJTNTRJ	Gamma Brown III	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
MJYTXUE	Xi Hamburguesus X	The sky is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif		
MKFCULP	Omicron Doritus X	The sky is a pale green, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta3.gif		
MKGKINL	Rho Nite IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala5.gif	
MKHKPNO	Gamma Madison VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
MKIVIFR	Gronulus Stemple VIII	The sky is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	
MKPUJLJ	Pi Bananaramus V	The sky is an oppressive pink, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif		
MKQGDQC	Epsilon Perfunctus XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif		
MKSNAHV	Beta Cooper XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy cornflower.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.			
MKVQHVF	Chi Bob IX	The sky is a dim maroon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
MLLMSCH	Lambda Lewis X	The planet's sky is a deep green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb8.gif	
MLPRNHD	Sigma Bearthurus IX	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta3.gif		sgaliena2.gif
MLQKEJJ	Zeta Yodeli III	The planet's sky is a bright red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	
MLTUAHL	Alpha Scabrus II	The sky above the horizon is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
MLXGDXX	Beta Abbrevianus V	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala2.gif	
MLZUBVM	Chi Cattusdoggus VI	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb1.gif	
MMBYUIL	Rho Diverticulus IX	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta12.gif		sgaliena6.gif
MMCZNZD	Psi Brown VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
MMDNLKY	Belletaco Paulson IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy silver-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
MMEXFWQ	Perfunctus Rudd VII	The planet's sky is a bright blue, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb10.gif
MMHAGUP	Pi Allopecius VIII	The sky is a bleached yellow, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		
MMMMMMO	Equipajus Johnson I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
MMNTGYO	Nu Brooks VIII	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
MMODLPM	Omega McDonald X	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
MMODUYP	Phi Paulreichus XI	The sky is silver fading into blue near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
MMORPGS	Lambda Woodward V	The sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb8.gif
MMROEDO	Crustulus Goldthwait V	The sky is an oppressive pink, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta17.gif		
MNBLUPI	Zeta O'Kelly II	The sky above the horizon is a bleached orange, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta13.gif		
MNDBKKZ	Beta Lepidopterus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
MNDURZO	Psi Woodward VII	The sky is a vivid yellow, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgaliena8.gif
MNHJIHP	Rho Lennon I	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
MNKYIIB	Omega O'Reilly III	The sky is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb4.gif		sgaliena4.gif
MNOPQRS	Theta Black V	The planet's sky is a hazy gray.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	
MNVHRKM	Phi Dyxichix IX	The sky is yellow fading into sepia near the horizon, and a golden-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.		sganimala10.gif	sgaliena5.gif
MNVXJYJ	Omega Billclintonus X	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
MNWCWSY	Mu Franklin X	The sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala14.gif	
MNYGCZK	Upsilon Corpulus V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
MOAQHDP	Microscopius North V	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif		sgalienb10.gif
MOGRCAZ	Xi Bob V	The sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
MOHNADK	Epsilon Paulreiserus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow, punctuated by mottled pale blue and maroon-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb1.gif
MOHQPXQ	Alpha Nicholson II	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
MONSTER	Pi Washington II	The sky is a dim red, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb3.gif	
MOONIES	Mexicanus Jones IV	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
MORAGIV	Pi Lennon IV	The sky is a hazy pink, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
MORGLSZ	Sigma Diverticulus IV	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif		
MORJDCZ	Kappa Woodward I	The planet's sky is a bleached orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif		sgaliena3.gif
MORLOOT	Humptydumptus Lennon VIII	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala19.gif	
MPAYURG	Rho Perambulus X	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala3.gif	
MPNUJNC	Diverticulus Wallace VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb10.gif
MPNZERB	Delta Franklin VIII	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
MPSDNLZ	Delta Sanford I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive orange, punctuated by mottled black and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
MQMGOEJ	Allopecius Taylor II	The sky is a brilliant orange, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
MQOSDBN	Misogynus Washington V	The sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
MRBORIK	Alpha Bearthurus I	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
MRCTJRR	Zeta Paulreiserus X	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
MRDARCY	Saladus Harris X	The sky is a dim green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
MRFMWAE	Lambda DuPree VIII	The planet's sky is a pale yellow, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
MRJSCZP	Tau Phlebitis IV	The sky is orange fading into silver near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
MRNLVPM	Billclintonus Wallace V	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta18.gif		
MRSKULL	Milkius Smith III	The sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb9.gif
MRSPOCK	Doritus Hathaway XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, dominated by a system of white-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif		
MRZAUNC	Iota Mousketeerus VI	The planet's sky is a bleached magenta, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		
MSBQCMJ	Tau Goldthwait X	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
MSCEEDE	Eta Rutgers X	The planet's sky is a bright yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb7.gif
MSFIVHX	Iota Trixrabbitus XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive cream, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb6.gif
MSGPNBS	Omicron Simon V	The sky is a pale pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
MSRHTLR	Crematorius Harris IX	The sky is a dim yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
MTERRRG	Rho Milkius XI	The sky is rose fading into brown near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
MTHKYBQ	Gamma Anderson VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalc2.gif	
MTHSINM	Fredfordus Rudd II	The planet's sky is a bright red, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
MTLSESN	Epsilon Peterson V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
MTMZCEO	Xi Microscopius III	The sky is a brilliant red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala2.gif	
MTOTMOS	Tau Garfunkel IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc1.gif		
MTPPUTC	Perambulus Rudd VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
MTPYJVN	Pi Fritus XI	The sky is a pale orange, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.			
MTSIQTZ	Omicron Rutgers I	The sky is a bright orange, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
MTTOBQH	Tau Smith IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
MTUHFDS	Sigma Unicornius II	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
MTVZYAR	Delta Fredfordus III	The sky above the horizon is a deep cornflower, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
MUEWPEO	Delta Doritus XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale puce, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb2.gif	
MUOJCSX	Paulreichus Garfield II	The planet's sky is a dim orange, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
MUPICIL	Kappa Slobulus XI	The planet's sky is a bright green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
MURIMZM	Omega Phlebitis VIII	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
MUTANTS	Rho Jones XI	The sky is gray fading into ecru near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala16.gif	
MUYAHWG	Slobulus Westinghouse V	The sky is an oppressive pink, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
MVEWHVF	Sigma Garfunkel III	The sky is red fading into mustard near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgaliena7.gif
MVIJEER	Nu Pacmanicus VI	The sky is a dim pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
MVKTNGW	Epsilon Perambulus IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale red, and a lilac-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb1.gif
MVLMFAV	Theta Martin VI	The planet's sky is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
MVRADLE	Iota Romero V	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink, dominated by a system of black rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
MVUJNPX	Kappa Steadwick XI	The planet's sky is a bleached rose, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala6.gif	
MVWNRCP	Beta Lewis V	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
MVXWZFB	Zeta Rudd III	The planet's sky is a bright red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb8.gif	
MWAJVTX	Theta Perambulus XI	The planet's sky is a pale green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		
MWCUOLB	Epsilon Pelicanus V	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, speckled with puffy yellow-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
MWDHAAA	Lambda Scabrus VIII	The sky is a deep yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb5.gif		
MWDNVSY	Mu Franklin X	The sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
MWDSLNK	Hippidipsus Sanford XI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
MWFRFAE	Saladus Montague VIII	The sky is an oppressive blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb9.gif	
MWGHQPT	Xi O'Kelly IV	The sky is a bleached red, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
MWKQISS	Equipajus Hall XI	The planet's sky is a vivid mauve, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgaliena9.gif
MWUSPOI	Fritus O'Kelly V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
MWWKKQC	Xi Brown II	The sky is a brilliant orange, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
MXCJVPO	Beta Lennon XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy viridian.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
MXJGASR	Tau McNichols XI	The sky is teal fading into red near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala6.gif	
MXNETOZ	Psi Bananaramus V	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
MXTDHJR	Beta Cromulus X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena2.gif
MXUSUPW	Xi Waldorf VII	The sky is an oppressive blue, speckled with puffy cream-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
MXWXFPT	Dyxichix Davis X	The sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta18.gif		
MXYIYYU	Delta Cartwright X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
MYBGTUM	Xi Harris IV	The sky is a deep red, with a dense covering of amber-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb3.gif
MYBITCH	Bubblewrapium McNichols VII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	
MYEHEMY	Fredfordus Roosevelt III	The planet's sky is a dim red, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		sgalienb10.gif
MYIFWKR	Chi Mousketeerus VII	The sky is an oppressive navy, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
MYTOWEL	Misogynus Nicholson VIII	The sky is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
MYXFMMK	Xi Lee VI	The sky is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
MYYUZSX	Cardboardius Hathaway III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb9.gif
MZEFEMR	Xi Nipperus I	The sky is a bright orange, punctuated by mottled black and ecru-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
MZOFGTB	Gamma Stipe I	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
MZPVALD	Mu Dudebaddus XI	The sky is an oppressive mauve.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		
MZUENJC	Phi Cancerus V	The sky is pink fading into teal near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala4.gif	
MZUPGJP	Alpha Milkius X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala10.gif	
MZUZCIF	Delta Pannus X	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
MZVNISL	Phi Durden XI	The sky is cerulean fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
MZVUZCI	Perfunctus Sullivan XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
MZWSPVW	Pi Humptydumptus II	The sky is a bright blue, punctuated by mottled pale orange and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
NAAAAAA	Omicron Des Moines XI	The sky is a pale green, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
NAEPIVD	Gamma Disraeli IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
NAKGNIC	Hippidipsus Wallace V	The sky is golden fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
NAQZARB	Gamma Perfunctus VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgaliena6.gif
NARDOLE	Scabrus Allen VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
NASALIE	Kappa Isaacson VI	The planet's sky is a hazy pink, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif		
NATURAL	Nu Lewis IX	The sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta7.gif		
NAUGHTY	Psi Conjunctivitus VIII	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.			sgaliena1.gif
NAXJBBU	Upsilon Smith VIII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.			
NAZISAU	Allopecius Noriega X	The sky is a hazy green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
NBFNPCX	Xi Brooks I	The sky is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
NBFZWJH	Psi McDurkee IX					sganimalb8.gif	
NBGCKVH	Sigma North I	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
NBGFRGW	Pannus Lennon V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb10.gif		sgalienb10.gif
NBHVJWS	Allopecius Jones III	The sky is a brilliant red, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
NBOCWDL	Cancerus Meadows XI	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.		sganimala18.gif	
NBOIDCT	Delta Corpulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
NBUDVBL	Dyxichix Clinton X	The sky is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala17.gif	
NCAKSMX	Dyxichix Haggard X	The sky is a pale green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
NCECHIN	Beta Fustulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala1.gif	
NCGTNJN	Xi Gromulus IX	The sky is a bright yellow, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgaliena5.gif
NCHGJOI	Theta Bellegrandus XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif		sgalienb2.gif
NCTLCRI	Kappa Cromulus V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
NDCAPMC	Alpha Thompson II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgaliena7.gif
NDJARZL	Alpha Bob II	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
NDOXSGY	Pacmanicus Nichols X	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	
NDYHVIV	Slobulus Harris IV	The sky is a deep red, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
NEBULAE	Zeta Westinghouse IV	The planet's sky is an oppressive ecru.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
NEIDUIH	Omega Bananaramus I	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
NEKFDPG	Tau Saladus XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
NEMESIS	Omicron Equipajus IX	The sky is a vivid yellow, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif		
NEPTUNE	Equipajus Waldorf IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, with a dense covering of chartreuse-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
NEUTCBE	Reaganus Noriega VII	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
NEVUWQG	Omega Allopecius III	The sky is a brilliant red, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala3.gif	
NEWCOCK	Psi Slobulus V	The sky is a deep yellow, with a dense covering of azure-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala9.gif	
NEWYORK	Zeta Salisbury IV	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgaliena7.gif
NFCLPXR	Psi Reagan X	The sky is blue fading into violet near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
NFDJJSA	Omicron Molotov IX	The sky is a brilliant pink, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
NFLCAQK	Psi Goldthwait VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta11.gif		sgaliena6.gif
NFVSXKQ	Delta Milkius XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
NFXJBTY	Delta Nite IV	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb7.gif
NFYDVKA	Gamma Allen XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
NGAFEYH	Iota Sullivan XI	The planet's sky is a bleached cornflower, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
NGAZHYH	Nu Hamburguesus I	The sky is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	
NGFLFYV	Kappa Dyxichix III	The planet's sky is a vivid red, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
NGHKBXB	Rho Nipperus VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala13.gif	
NGKRRVA	Nu Moore I	The sky is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala5.gif	
NGMJOKB	Humptydumptus Disraeli X	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	
NGXHRLZ	Humptydumptus Dunn V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
NHAPAPY	Equipajus McMahon II	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and white clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
NHGGJSD	Waldorfus White V	The planet's sky is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
NHGWPZT	Cattusdoggus Sanford V	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala18.gif	
NHHDNDW	Crunkuli O'Reilly XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
NHIPJNG	Eta Bananaramus VIII	The planet's sky is an oppressive ochre.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta4.gif		
NHLHSVT	Omicron Huxtable I	The sky is an oppressive azure, dotted by occasional wispy ultramarine-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif		
NHLSSNO	Upsilon Dyxichix II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
NHSNHZY	Phi North I	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb3.gif	
NHWYBFT	Theta Lewis XI	The planet's sky is a deep violet.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta16.gif		sgalienb8.gif
NHXXIIU	Bubblicius Hall IX	The planet's sky is a bright yellow, with a dense covering of ruby-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
NHZWEHB	Omicron Taylor VIII	The sky is a dim blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb3.gif
NIACQWX	Zeta Thompson I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif		
NIBEQUV	Theta Cattusdoggus I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
NICEASS	Iota Phlebitis XI	The planet's sky is a hazy lavender, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala2.gif	
NIFNYOE	Gamma Perfunctus VII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
NIGERIA	Psi Smith II	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala13.gif	
NIGHTLY	Microscopius Shatner II	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
NIGXTFU	Delta Misogynus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
NIMZUFP	Alpha Cancerus I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.		sganimala10.gif	sgaliena5.gif
NINNIES	Omega Nipperus VIII	The sky is a bleached blue, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
NIOBIUM	Fredfordus Shafer XI	The planet's sky is a uniform green, with a dense covering of ecru-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	
NIPPLES	Eta Crustulus III	The planet's sky is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala3.gif	
NIUMTID	Nu Reaganus VI	The sky is an oppressive blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta3.gif		sgalienb2.gif
NJBLWJE	Pi Doritus V	The sky is a pale gray, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
NJEJGUZ	Kappa McDurkee V	The planet's sky is a uniform pink, punctuated by mottled black and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.			sgaliena7.gif
NJKYHGN	Epsilon King VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
NJUUMGE	Omicron Phlebitis VIII	The sky is a hazy blue, speckled with puffy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
NKBQFVC	Cancerus Garfield I	The planet's sky is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.			sgaliena9.gif
NKDPPPA	Mousketeerus Goodman IX	The sky is a pale yellow, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
NKJTSFY	Mu Crunkuli VIII	The sky is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
NKKARLE	Gamma Young VI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
NKOOBRA	Xi Doritus VIII	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif		sgalienb5.gif
NKOWETJ	Theta Taylor IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
NKTVFUE	Gamma Molotov III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgaliena2.gif
NKVPCQE	Polepositioni Jones VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
NKYFSDV	Conjunctivitus Stemple X	The sky is green fading into golden near the horizon, with a dense covering of viridian-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
NKZLKFH	Eta Belletaco XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb6.gif
NLBFNFE	Iota Cancerus VII	The planet's sky is a deep blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		
NLDRVMV	Psi Perambulus II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform fuchsia, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
NLHFKFW	Lambda O'Reilly X	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
NLLKRVU	Tau Diverticulus IX	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
NLMMXZL	Gamma Shannahan X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif		sgaliena7.gif
NLUSAYU	Alpha King II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb3.gif
NLWZJIZ	Zeta Martin VII	The planet's sky is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif		
NLYXRJQ	Omega Cooper I	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
NMCNQOP	Waldorfus Johnson XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green, dotted by occasional wispy amber-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb10.gif	
NMCYJSP	Rho Misogynus II	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		sgalienb6.gif
NMDPCHD	Lepidopterus Goldthwait V	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive fuchsia, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
NMFHXEA	Iota Hamburguesus IX	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
NMGJAVB	Kappa Hamburguesus VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
NMNRVPO	Bob Franklin VIII	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala17.gif	
NMTGAHA	Nu Clinton X	The sky is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
NNAJEOJ	Sigma Yodeli III	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala11.gif	
NNAWBVS	Alpha Diverticulus I	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb1.gif	
NNHQSRH	Molotov Woodward II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
NNHWNNN	Rho Perambulus X	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
NNJGSDT	Gamma Thompson I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
NNKAWXW	Theta Gromulus VII	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
NNRFIEQ	Theta Misogynus XI	The planet's sky is a bleached lilac.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The sky is moonless.			
NNRPVOY	Sigma Young XI	The sky is brown fading into blue near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc3.gif		sgalienb8.gif
NNTQFYI	Upsilon Lennon VIII	The sky is yellow fading into chartreuse near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
NNVENMP	Theta Taylor IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
NNVLYGT	Phi Crunkuli X	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	
NOBCIGW	Linoleus Romero III	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
NOGOCOR	Goldthwait Garfunkel XI	The planet's sky is a pale brown.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb9.gif	
NOJVXOI	Iota McMahon VI	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
NOMBIES	Tau Bob VII	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of cornflower-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
NONBIER	Eta Fustulus VI	The planet's sky is a bright pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
NOOOOOO	Tau Dyxichix VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena1.gif
NOPQRST	Alpha O'Reilly V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
NORBERT	Fritus Salisbury I	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange, with a dense covering of white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala18.gif	
NOSKVGJ	Misogynus Mott XI	The sky is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
NOWAAVQ	Fredfordus Cartwright XI	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
NOXKLXM	Iota Allen VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
NPGZRPZ	Lambda Linoleus II	The sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif		
NPIJXPZ	Chi Brown II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
NPJLFMZ	Psi Steadwick VIII	The sky is a bleached taupe.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb3.gif		
NPKNTSI	Theta Dominatrix I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
NPKQKBK	Zeta Dyxichix III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb2.gif
NPQMMCQ	Tau Shatner XI	The sky is gray fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgaliena4.gif
NPRQWKB	Omicron Hernandez IV	The sky is a vivid red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
NQKDVJM	Omega Allopecius II	The sky is a uniform green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta4.gif		
NQPBAMH	Omega DuPree VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
NQTFEHW	Epsilon Misogynus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached cream, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta4.gif		
NQYQZVV	Kappa Bananaramus XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive green, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	
NRDMIAB	Xi Shannahan III	The sky is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif		
NRLGXXT	Omega Meadows VII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue, punctuated by mottled black and mustard-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	
NRPQMGF	Phi Des Moines XI	The sky is teal fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
NRWKMBV	Xi Smith XI	The sky is a uniform teal.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
NRXLMPH	Kappa Peterson III	The planet's sky is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.			
NSGKXIK	Lambda Billclintonus XI	The sky is a hazy gray.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	There are no moons visible.			
NSGNBHE	Psi Billclintonus XI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	
NSMIODW	Pi Milkius IV	The sky is a vivid pink, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
NSWZZBV	Iota Doritus XI	The planet's sky is a pale green, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		
NTIMWEL	Pi Benedict X	The sky is a dim green, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
NTKJWSU	Mu Jones VIII	The sky is a brilliant blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
NTMWJLJ	Lambda Davis IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
NTPQHNR	Doritus McNichols VI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
NTWDZQM	Gamma Wallace II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif		
NTWMXMQ	Bob McNichols V	The sky above the horizon is a deep red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
NTXECIA	Omicron Cattusdoggus VII	The sky is a uniform blue, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
NTXKHQB	Gamma Milkius IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb2.gif	
NTYFCBT	Rho Crunkuli V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	
NTZHDKD	Pi Lepidopterus IX	The sky is a pale yellow, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
NUGDTXE	Omega Dominatrix VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb2.gif
NUGVZXE	Chi Humptydumptus VII	The sky is vermilion fading into orange near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
NUMNQHQ	Tau Discothecus VII	The sky is blue fading into aquamarine near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
NUPYORR	Phi Perambulus VI	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
NUUERVK	Xi Mousketeerus XI	The sky is a bleached violet, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala12.gif	
NUVLLSO	Gamma Thompson XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform indigo.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
NVEFHBR	Lambda Clinton VI	The sky is a hazy pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
NVGCFIO	Xi Blivebarkerus II	The sky is a brilliant orange, punctuated by mottled white and maroon-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	
NVJRPCE	Cheetus Dunn IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale purple, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
NVSALCI	Paulreiserus Johnson I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange, punctuated by mottled pale blue and ochre-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
NVSKVUE	Nu Saladus IX	The sky is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
NVXWDKY	Delta Stipe II	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb7.gif		
NVZWQYY	Hamburguesus Mott III	The planet's sky is an oppressive red, punctuated by mottled violet-colored and blue-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
NWAFXBZ	Phi Gronulus VII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.			
NWCDKKE	Pannus Mack VII	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
NWCJMDE	Lambda Fustulus I	The sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif		sgaliena1.gif
NWHIVJS	Kappa Disraeli XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb7.gif	
NWIGYTF	Mousketeerus Easthouse II	The sky is an oppressive red, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
NWKMFCH	Lambda Thompson IV	The planet's sky is a deep red, speckled with puffy ochre-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
NWNHNHV	Zeta Billclintonus IV	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		
NWOAXTB	Lambda Madison V	The sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
NWOIGFS	Lambda Jones X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb4.gif
NWQNQOH	Iota Doritus XI	The planet's sky is a pale burgundy, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb6.gif		
NWZVPLC	Chi Diggusduggus VIII	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		
NXBGRLN	Epsilon Garfield VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, punctuated by mottled ultramarine-colored and tan-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb7.gif
NXHOLER	Pi Benedict X	The sky is a dim green, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three small moons hang in the sky.			
NXHQTGP	Molotov Clinton IV	The planet's sky is a hazy crimson.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
NXNMAXH	Slobulus Westinghouse V	The sky is an oppressive pink, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta18.gif		sgaliena9.gif
NXQATIE	Pi Walker X	The sky is a deep yellow, punctuated by mottled pink and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb4.gif
NXTGBRP	Waldorfus Spitzner III	The sky is a pale red, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb10.gif		
NXTJWUT	Eta Allopecius VII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb2.gif
NYANCAT	Iota Harrison V	The planet's sky is a dim golden, punctuated by mottled pale blue and white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif		
NYAZDAZ	Beta King IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala13.gif	
NYEYHMV	Chi Smith XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
NYIZFZL	Kappa Mills VIII	The planet's sky is a bright yellow, dominated by a system of pink rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb7.gif
NYJZPKJ	Billclintonus Noriega X	The sky is puce fading into red near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
NYTTXYF	Mu King X	The sky is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		sgalienb8.gif
NYUUSNE	Pi Stipe VI	The sky is a bright blue, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif		sgalienb8.gif
NZESHNQ	Molotov Mack IV	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
NZOLBPD	Nu Unicornius VII	The sky is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
NZSVDYD	Eta Slobulus I	The planet's sky is a bright orange.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
NZYSJEG	Iota Unicornius XI	The planet's sky is a uniform green, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
OAAAAAA	Chi Robinson XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy beige-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb4.gif
OAHXPMJ	Upsilon Dudebaddus I	The sky is cream fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
OAICTZQ	Omicron Garfunkel II	The sky is a pale orange, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif		
OAIFYBI	Mu Spitzner VI	The sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
OAJELIC	Tau Fustulus VIII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb5.gif		
OAQPTBX	Alpha Diverticulus I	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
OBJINCP	Crematorius Haggard IV	The sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	There are no moons visible.			
OBJQICJ	Gromulus O'Kelly VI	The sky is a bleached pink, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
OBLPPOF	Humptydumptus Hernandez VI	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
OBNOXIA	Delta Symington VI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif		
OBRPJDP	Lambda Abbrevianus IX	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
OBSDFBW	Leprus Goodman III	The planet's sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
OBSIDIA	Theta Young III	The planet's sky is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
OBVVILF	Zeta Khan III	The planet's sky is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb8.gif		
OCFKFYF	Upsilon Salisbury XI	The sky is green fading into burgundy near the horizon, speckled with puffy ruby-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
OCJBQKH	Eta Woodward XI	The planet's sky is a bright ochre.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgaliena7.gif
OCKRCVK	Lambda Huxtable IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, punctuated by mottled mustard-colored and grey clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
OCMAEGB	Psi Cancerus III	The planet's sky is a pale mustard.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb5.gif
OCOISFZ	Allopecius Woodward VII	The sky is a bleached blue, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
OCRNNJL	Lambda Saladus VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid blue, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb1.gif	
OCSELQW	Beta Lepidopterus II	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
OCTOBER	Epsilon Wallace VI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform pink, dotted by occasional wispy azure-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
OCTOPUS	Iota Dudebaddus III	The planet's sky is a hazy red, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalc2.gif	
OCYJKGI	Psi Mott II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.			
ODCSVPE	Iota Shatner II	The planet's sky is a vivid orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala14.gif	
ODDCRAP	Omega Mexicanus II	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	
ODDFDMB	Omega Harris XI	The planet's sky is a hazy red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif		
ODKRLCB	Eta Robinson I	The planet's sky is a deep orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif		sgaliena3.gif
ODMXDMW	Theta Paulreiserus II	The planet's sky is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
ODNRMUM	Pi Isaacson IV	The sky is a hazy pink, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena7.gif
ODQQYAL	Iota Perfunctus XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ODSVAGY	Diggusduggus Pennington IV	The sky is red fading into fuchsia near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif		sgaliena9.gif
ODSYJPG	Omicron Tyler VIII	The sky is a dim yellow, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb3.gif		
ODTTDXC	Xi Discothecus I	The sky is a bleached orange, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala12.gif	
ODXMFIV	Mu Smith V	The sky is a uniform fuchsia.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	
ODXVZOM	Chi Durden XI	The sky is an oppressive orange, punctuated by mottled pale blue and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
ODYZZSP	Theta Anderson I	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb8.gif
OEAQTPG	Chi Peterson IV	The sky is an oppressive pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.			
OEEPKFB	Eta Pennington IV	The planet's sky is a bleached crimson.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
OEERZBT	Xi King III	The sky is a vivid red, speckled with puffy periwinkle-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgaliena7.gif
OEGGMTA	Eta White I	The planet's sky is a brilliant azure.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
OEHDSJV	Nu Cromulus VII	The sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.			
OEHRECX	Delta Harris II	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
OEPHZDK	Omega Billclintonus XI	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	
OEVQEKF	Gamma Milkius XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid fuchsia, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
OEZGOKO	Bananaramus Lennon VIII	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and lavender-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
OEZVHZE	Yodeli Bush XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
OFFSITE	Sigma King X	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala6.gif	
OFJFBVD	Omega Saladus XI	The sky is an oppressive violet.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb6.gif
OFLIZYT	Eta Cancerus IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
OFMGZUQ	Discothecus Berry V	The sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala18.gif	
OFNAFKE	Mu Crunkuli XI	The sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.		sganimala3.gif	
OFRSIMX	Kappa Abbrevianus XI	The planet's sky is a hazy green, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta3.gif		
OFUBUOL	Pi Madison IX	The sky is a dim yellow, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
OFYBGKI	Gamma Thomas II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
OFYVZYT	Gamma Abbrevianus VII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
OFZQWHG	Sigma Moore XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.			
OGEEPDL	Zeta Hall VIII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif		sgaliena4.gif
OGIOZBW	Diggusduggus Stemple VI	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta18.gif		
OGUKSZP	Rho Stemple X	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif		
OHFFSYK	Upsilon Haskell III	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb4.gif		
OHGFJIW	Zeta Goldthwait II	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
OHGWNMR	Hippidipsus Mills VI	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.			
OHHUKAK	Tau Peterson XI	The sky is green fading into lavender near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta14.gif		
OHLGSPC	Beta Noriega IX	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
OHLQIGV	Tau Rodriguez IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
OHLYTTX	Dudebaddus Moore III	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb9.gif
OHTAGYR	Sigma Bubblicius VI	The sky is pink fading into cornflower near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	
OHYKAPH	Paulreichus Rodriguez I	The planet's sky is a deep orange, dotted by occasional wispy white-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
OIDLBKP	Pi Robinson V	The sky is a deep pink, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb7.gif	
OIFIHJG	Alpha Stipe VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
OIIIIOO	Lambda Capulet VIII	The sky is an oppressive orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb4.gif
OIIIOIO	Psi Stipe IV	The sky is a brilliant green, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
OIIIOOI	Zeta Diggusduggus XI	The planet's sky is a dim green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
OIIOIIO	Zeta Diggusduggus XI	The planet's sky is a dim green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	
OIIOIOI	Cheetus Westinghouse IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	
OIIOOII	Pi O'Sullivan VII	The sky is a vivid blue, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena4.gif
OIOIIIO	Cheetus Westinghouse IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb10.gif		sgalienb10.gif
OIOIIOI	Pi O'Sullivan VII	The sky is a vivid blue, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
OIOIOII	Chi Thomas II	The sky is orange fading into emerald near the horizon, speckled with puffy mustard-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
OIOOIII	Rho Lee VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		sgaliena3.gif
OISBKWA	Omega Crunkuli II	The sky is a pale blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The sky is moonless.			
OIUWZNC	Omicron Cancerus XI	The sky is a deep green, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb1.gif		sgaliena1.gif
OIYSYXH	Dudebaddus Bush VII	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb9.gif		
OIZCDWW	Omicron Diverticulus IV	The sky is a hazy pink, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	
OJGQVMZ	Xi Thompson VII	The sky is a deep blue, speckled with puffy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
OJIDMIS	Tau Pacmanicus VIII	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.			
OJLHFIB	Psi Crunkuli II	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
OJNQXVR	Bob Noriega XI	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
OJVOLUO	Gamma Polepositioni VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
OJXCNFM	Delta Crustulus VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, punctuated by mottled red-colored and scarlet-colored clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb6.gif
OKBMTZL	Beta Gromulus V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
OKDIXDX	Zeta Cartwright V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala15.gif	
OKEQDZD	Pelicanus Brown XI	The sky is green fading into white near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
OKJZYBJ	Sigma Garfunkel III	The sky is red fading into mustard near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
OKMBKCS	Microscopius North V	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
OKTXMCN	Tau Black VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
OKVRIJA	Omicron Taylor VIII	The sky is a dim blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
OLDCWSA	Tau Bob VII	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of cornflower-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.		sganimala10.gif	
OLDCWSB	Iota Allopecius VI	The planet's sky is a bleached pink, dominated by a system of black rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
OLDCWSC	Lambda Saladus IX	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, with a dense covering of crimson-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The sky is moonless.			
OLDCWSD	Lambda Gromulus VI	The sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb1.gif	
OLDCWSE	Yodeli Draper VI	The sky is blue fading into vermilion near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgaliena10.gif
OLDCWSF	Discothecus Shafer X	The sky is a uniform green.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif		
OLDCWSG	Eta Crustulus IV	The planet's sky is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb1.gif	
OLDCWSH	Iota Walker X	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
OLDCWSI	Phi Scabrus X	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.			sgaliena5.gif
OLDCWSJ	Epsilon Dominatrix XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform tan, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
OLDCWSK	Mu Taylor X	The sky is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.			
OLDCWSL	Lambda White II	The planet's sky is a deep beige, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.			sgaliena4.gif
OLDCWSM	Lambda Madison VI	The planet's sky is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
OLDCWSN	Iota Perambulus V	The planet's sky is a pale pink, and a crimson-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala10.gif	
OLDCWSO	Zeta Cartwright V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala15.gif	
OLDCWSP	Tau Goldthwait IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
OLDCWSQ	Sigma O'Reilly XI	The sky is lavender fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
OLDCWSR	Mousketeerus Washington II	The sky is a dim red, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
OLDCWSS	Omicron Corpulus V	The sky is a pale pink, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	
OLDCWST	Blivebarkerus Mott XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
OLDCWSU	Trixrabbitus McNichols VII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
OLDONES	Gamma Dickbutkus V	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
OLDPUSS	Psi Shafer III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
OLFLQPB	Fredfordus Jones VIII	The planet's sky is a uniform blue, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
OLLRIYU	Lambda Woodward X	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
OLMRVFK	Upsilon Jackson VIII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.		sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
OLQLBYC	Omicron Reagan X	The sky is a hazy green, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala14.gif	
OLTILVQ	Omicron Paulreiserus XI	The sky is a deep cream, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		sgaliena1.gif
OLXHDMA	Alpha Capulet VII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgaliena4.gif
OLXJFBI	Kappa McDurkee VII	The planet's sky is a uniform blue, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
OLYMPIC	Rho Benedict VI	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
OLZEMVP	Upsilon Draper XI	The sky is green fading into periwinkle near the horizon, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
OMAPRRT	Epsilon Scabrus III	The sky above the horizon is a deep red, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			
OMCEIVF	Rho Hathaway V	The sky is pink fading into burgundy near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
OMHHEXF	Theta Isaacson VII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
OMHPVYF	Omicron North VII	The sky is a hazy blue, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
OMICRON	Omicron Spitzner IV	The sky is a bleached pink, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif		
OMINOUS	Nu Dominatrix II	The sky is a uniform orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta4.gif		sgalienb2.gif
OMMKVYJ	Cardboardius Shafer II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala18.gif	
OMNWAOX	Tau Phlebitis IV	The sky is orange fading into silver near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	There are no moons visible.			
OMUDGKF	Chi Diverticulus XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy periwinkle-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
OMVHMDX	Kappa Stemple XI	The planet's sky is a bright green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
OMXRKTX	Cancerus Nichols XI	The planet's sky is a bright green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.			
OMYVVMS	Phi Isaacson II	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
OMYZNFH	Alpha Paulson XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
ONEDYTH	Eta Doritus IV	The planet's sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
ONEMORE	Gamma Sanford III	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb7.gif	
ONGXQQN	Upsilon Stemple II	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb4.gif	
ONHOLVY	Chi Humptydumptus X	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif		
ONKVNFM	Theta Paulreichus X	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala4.gif	
ONPBGXX	Theta Noriega II	The planet's sky is a hazy orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb7.gif	
ONPWWHO	Beta Young VII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
ONQNVVY	Gamma Polepositioni I	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb2.gif		
ONQUHBM	Zeta O'Kelly VII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
OODHMIE	Mu Martinez I	The sky is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
OOFMCIH	Misogynus Thompson IX	The sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala19.gif	
OOIIIIO	Pi O'Sullivan VII	The sky is a vivid blue, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
OOIIIOI	Chi Thomas II	The sky is orange fading into emerald near the horizon, speckled with puffy mustard-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
OOIIOII	Rho Lee VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
OOIOIII	Xi Shafer III	The sky is a uniform red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
OOIUWOF	Tau Discothecus VII	The sky is blue fading into aquamarine near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgaliena5.gif
OOKVMRI	Zeta Durden IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
OOOIIII	Psi Mexicanus VIII	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif		sgaliena5.gif
OOOOOOH	Gamma Leprus I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
OOOOOOO	Dominatrix Haggard I	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgaliena9.gif
OOUTSEY	Equipajus Miller III	The planet's sky is a brilliant red, dominated by a system of orange-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb9.gif	
OOZKNZO	Phi Meadows II	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
OOZPATI	Iota Bob VIII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif		sgalienb6.gif
OPBAZTU	Beta Gromulus II	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
OPCGYHY	Omicron Fredfordus VI	The sky is a deep pink, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
OPIPCEU	Chi Hathaway XI	The sky is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.			
OPKBNRZ	Diggusduggus Hall XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala20.gif	
OPNHJHZ	Iota Dominatrix III	The planet's sky is a uniform red, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
OPNITMF	Lambda Jones X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
OPQRSTU	Iota Shafer IX	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow, with a dense covering of viridian-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif		
OPQWYZR	Nu Dudebaddus V	The sky is an oppressive pink.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
OQDMZGL	Mu Conjunctivitus VIII	The sky is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.		sganimala2.gif	
OQDQRFW	Waldorfus Des Moines X				sgplanta17.gif		
OQGDNXL	Phi Pelicanus I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
OQNIIXL	Omicron Hippidipsus XI	The sky is a dim aquamarine, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
OQTXYPK	Delta Dominatrix II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, punctuated by mottled grey and pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
OQWOLLA	Theta Black VII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
OQYPSNJ	Kappa Harrison I	The planet's sky is a dim orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and grey clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalc3.gif	
ORENIFH	Iota Nite V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.			
ORGASMS	Pi Pacmanicus VII	The sky is a dim blue, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta12.gif		sgaliena6.gif
ORGSWSY	Discothecus Brown I	The sky is a uniform auburn.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
ORLWPSB	Kappa Peterson III	The planet's sky is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala13.gif	
ORVILLE	Omicron Perambulus III	The sky is a pale red, and a brown-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
ORVSGWV	Lambda Goodman II	The planet's sky is a pale orange, punctuated by mottled grey and fuchsia-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala14.gif	sgaliena7.gif
ORVSZPH	Diverticulus Brown VI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc3.gif		sgalienb9.gif
ORXACFP	Chi Cheetus XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled pale blue and lilac-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
ORXKVON	Rho Garfunkel VIII	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta14.gif		sgaliena7.gif
OSGTJUV	Sigma Martinez VII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb4.gif
OSLKFMO	Theta Hamburguesus II	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgaliena6.gif
OSOZJYG	Tau Peterson XI	The sky is mauve fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
OSPLJWV	Cancerus Shafer XI	The planet's sky is a uniform tan.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif		
OSTRICH	Tau Thompson VI	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb4.gif	
OSXTXSG	Gamma Diverticulus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
OTAEMTX	Mu Simon VIII	The sky is a pale yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif		
OTBAXHQ	Abbrevianus Madison VIII	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		
OTBNUFQ	Eta Paulreiserus XI	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif		
OTDTFPP	Pi Milkius III	The sky is a vivid red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
OTHBBCG	Theta Garcia IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
OTHTSVK	Billclintonus Durden XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
OTHUTCH	Yodeli Peterson V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgaliena10.gif
OTIKIFM	Tau Dominatrix XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.		sganimala1.gif	
OTJCFOA	Pi Woodward VIII	The sky is a bleached yellow, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb7.gif	
OTLZGPV	Theta Young I	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta15.gif		sgalienb8.gif
OTNDQEE	Kappa Waldorf VII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, and a scarlet-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
OTNQBNI	Gamma O'Sullivan I	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif		sgaliena8.gif
OTSDHZP	Billclintonus Wallace V	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
OTXXBIL	Iota Benedict VIII	The planet's sky is a dim yellow, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.			
OTYSIAJ	Delta Moore IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
OUFEYOL	Eta Lepidopterus IX	The planet's sky is a pale yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif		
OUGUNMF	Omega Smith VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid amber, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb7.gif
OUILPXI	Eta Yodeli VIII	The planet's sky is a bright yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
OUMKCFE	Upsilon Haskell X	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
OUPSKTA	Upsilon Hippidipsus VIII	The sky is olive fading into green near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
OUVGNMC	Leprus Stemple XI	The planet's sky is a bright sepia.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif		
OUWEOMQ	Upsilon Pelicanus IV	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
OUXUBVU	Gamma Jackson III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red, dominated by a system of pink rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.			
OUYSILR	Kappa Diverticulus XI	The planet's sky is a hazy crimson, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
OVBSGMO	Pi Bananaramus V	The sky is an oppressive pink, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
OVCAJEM	Mu Martinez I	The sky is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala15.gif	
OVRAGCN	Corpulus Tyler VII	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb10.gif
OVRVKOP	Tau Dominatrix VIII	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	
OVTEAVT	Eta Hathaway V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
OVVIGSA	Theta Black VII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala8.gif	
OWDBRPM	Omega Allopecius II	The sky is a uniform green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb2.gif	
OWGQBRM	Kappa Billclintonus III	The planet's sky is a hazy red, dominated by a system of white rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb6.gif	
OWHGASX	Delta Capulet I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.			
OWIICZH	Tau Shatner XI	The sky is gray fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif		
OWKEQQP	Zeta Smith II	The sky above the horizon is a pale brown, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
OWLYVXM	Psi Garcia IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant periwinkle, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
OWWICZW	Phi Meadows II	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
OWWTZIV	Psi DuPree III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
OXFEJOU	Pi Leprus XI	The sky is a deep green, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
OXIDIZE	Nu Pannus IV	The sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
OXKOYJA	Bananaramus Rodriguez II	The planet's sky is a uniform ecru, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb10.gif		sgaliena10.gif
OXSDVOY	Gamma Thompson XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
OXSRNDV	Rho Taylor IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
OXTCQMP	Sigma Berry VIII	The sky is yellow fading into violet near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb7.gif	
OYAMOSI	Waldorfus Buck VIII	The sky is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb9.gif	
OYHGEOY	Mexicanus Reagan III	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif		
OYSTERS	Nu Dunn VI	The sky is a pale pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
OYWGMQM	Slobulus Durden X	The sky is a bright green, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
OYWVCJJ	Epsilon Bearthurus V	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb1.gif
OYYUTSS	Alpha Paulreichus X	The sky above the horizon is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala11.gif	sgaliena6.gif
OZBVPDF	Omicron Clinton V	The sky is a hazy pink, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif		
OZCXVCT	Chi Abbrevianus V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	
OZDHMFK	Kappa Goldthwait IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, speckled with puffy black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
OZDZYEB	Chi Bellegrandus XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
OZEQJCE	Milkius Moore IX	The sky is a brilliant puce.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
OZJKKXT	Rho Dunn VI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
OZKRYJW	Eta Misogynus II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif		
OZLUBHG	Upsilon Woodward I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
OZTZNWD	Pi Bearthurus X	The sky is a brilliant green, dominated by a system of white rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb2.gif
OZUMIZI	Blivebarkerus McDonald V	The planet's sky is a uniform fuchsia.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala17.gif	
OZZTIIU	Tau Williams I	The sky is orange fading into cream near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
PAAAAAA	Pi Easthouse IV	The sky is an oppressive pink, punctuated by mottled grey and pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif		
PAADEEW	Goldthwait McDurkee II	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala19.gif	
PAFFASL	Mu Khan I	The sky is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
PAGKNXF	Cattusdoggus Wallace IX	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala18.gif	
PAJAMAS	Slobulus O'Reilly IV	The sky is a vivid pink, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
PAKOAWK	Rho Perfunctus XI	The sky is crimson fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb5.gif		
PALPMIT	Equipajus Lennon VII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif		
PANDORA	Molotov Black V	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
PAPCDQD	Zeta Molotov X	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow, dotted by occasional wispy indigo-colored clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
PAQLPPQ	Alpha Diverticulus I	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
PAQRTFY	Omicron Bearthurus V	The sky is a brilliant pink, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
PARPXRH	Psi Salisbury VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
PARTIAL	Mu Harrison VIII	The sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	
PAXWWYX	Gamma Williams X	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
PBANZKV	Zeta Harris XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim green, with a dense covering of orange-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
PBKZYGF	Epsilon Misogynus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached cream, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The sky is moonless.			
PBSTQVG	Iota Scabrus XI	The planet's sky is a deep beige, punctuated by mottled lavender-colored and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
PBYEPWU	Rho Abbrevianus VI	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb2.gif
PBZNEPB	Epsilon Slobulus VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
PCHQNIF	Nu Clinton II	The sky is a hazy orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
PCIVALR	Dyxichix North VI	The sky is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
PCNPZVM	Sigma Diverticulus IV	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif		sgalienb2.gif
PCQJJIR	Dominatrix Thompson IV	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
PCTCNFC	Rho Garfield V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc1.gif		sgalienb3.gif
PCTWQBY	Bearthurus Nichols VIII	The planet's sky is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
PDBKBNQ	Psi Des Moines XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb8.gif
PDDRTOM	Sigma Perfunctus V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
PDEDPDM	Rho Hippidipsus IV	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.		sganimala2.gif	
PDHATRT	Lepidopterus Rudd VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright green, speckled with puffy sepia-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb10.gif		sgalienb10.gif
PDJLUTD	Omicron Milkius XI	The sky is a vivid aquamarine, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
PDJXDRL	Kappa Bananaramus IV	The planet's sky is an oppressive red, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
PDMONIB	Xi Dyxichix II	The sky is a vivid orange, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		
PDUHSOL	Rho Diverticulus IX	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
PDUXMNF	Tau Perfunctus V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc1.gif	
PDXCOSA	Chi Garcia IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, punctuated by mottled pale orange and white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
PEACHES	Microscopius Draper VIII	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.			
PEEVUMC	Psi Shafer IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
PEGASUS	Kappa Bob III	The planet's sky is an oppressive red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
PEGNGEA	Beta Taylor III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
PEGWZWD	Omega Sanford VII	The sky is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
PEILDSH	Epsilon Stemple XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright gray, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
PEIWBLE	Humptydumptus Disraeli X	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
PENGUIN	Iota Diverticulus III	The planet's sky is a hazy red, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta10.gif		sgalienb5.gif
PEQSLFN	Epsilon King VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
PERVERT	Omega Microscopius X	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
PEWUWII	Milkius Smith III	The sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb9.gif	sgaliena9.gif
PEXTOLR	Pi Thompson VI	The sky is a uniform blue, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
PEXWZMV	Dominatrix Johnson X	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
PEYIMKV	Rho Mexicanus II	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
PFADNBZ	Xi Milkius I	The sky is a vivid orange, punctuated by mottled pale blue and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
PFBNWGP	Omicron Saladus V	The sky is a vivid pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala2.gif	
PFEAQVV	Yodeli Rudd X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
PFHGEDI	Chi Noriega XI	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy viridian-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.		sganimala6.gif	
PFHTCNV	Zeta Hall VI	The planet's sky is a deep indigo.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc2.gif	
PFRLEBO	Mu Sullivan VIII	The sky is a bleached blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.			
PFVVCVY	Epsilon Milkius X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, punctuated by mottled pale orange and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb2.gif		
PFZYMFZ	Rho Garfield IV	The sky is red fading into cream near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.			
PGDISCV	Tau Saladus XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
PGFEHJT	Epsilon Shatner XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.			
PGHGDDG	Bubblicius Stemple XI	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	
PGWPKXV	Mu Lewis X	The sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
PGZTSCM	Sigma Woodward I	The sky is azure fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala6.gif	
PHGKULT	Delta Steadwick XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
PHJUWQZ	Delta Fustulus IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
PHLQEGU	Delta Thomas VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgaliena4.gif
PHOENIX	Beta Stemple I	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
PHTAVIN	Phi Nichols XI	The sky is sepia fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
PHTHBII	Lambda Waldorfus IV	The planet's sky is an oppressive red, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
PHUBKRN	Iota Johnson VII	The planet's sky is a brilliant maroon, speckled with puffy purple-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala5.gif	
PHYSICS	Iota Jones V	The planet's sky is a uniform pink, and a blue-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
PIAXQHX	Nu Pelicanus VIII	The sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
PICKLES	Lambda Meadows III	The sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala8.gif	
PIGZZIW	Epsilon Milkius X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, punctuated by mottled pale orange and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
PIHITFF	Mu Sullivan VIII	The sky is a bleached blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
PINMUFR	Lambda Pacmanicus XI	The sky is a dim vermilion.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena5.gif
PINZZRP	Pi Bubblicius III	The sky is an oppressive yellow, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
PIPDBPC	Omicron Fredfordus VI	The sky is a deep pink, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb2.gif	
PIPQYQP	Alpha Meadows XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		
PIPULGD	Xi Hathaway III	The sky is a bleached red, punctuated by mottled black and vermilion-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
PIRATAS	Chi Cattusdoggus IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
PIRATES	Beta Cooper XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy cornflower.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb8.gif		
PIRATZS	Tau Harris V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
PIRNTJI	Phi Allen IV	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
PIRTRJS	Pi Thompson VI	The sky is a uniform blue, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
PISTOLS	Pi Thompson VI	The sky is a uniform blue, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala13.gif	
PITYFUL	Xi Adams XI	The sky is a dim tan, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
PJFSECY	Iota Walker X	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
PJHIVNJ	Delta Berry II	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala8.gif	
PJIZDJT	Rho Hall XI	The sky is turquoise fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala8.gif	
PJOQPER	Pi Milkius III	The sky is a vivid red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
PJPZGLH	Nu Paulson XI	The sky is a bright aquamarine.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
PKAOHNH	Lambda Mexicanus V	The planet's sky is a dim gray, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
PKEZUFJ	Lambda Billclintonus XI	The sky is a hazy gray.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
PKHMISH	Kappa Simon VII	The planet's sky is a pale blue, punctuated by mottled pale orange and white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
PKWDJQW	Rho Gromulus I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb5.gif		
PKYANZW	Epsilon Milkius X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, punctuated by mottled pale orange and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgaliena2.gif
PLACEBO	Theta Equipajus II	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala4.gif	
PLANETX	Gamma Slobulus X	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
PLANEXX	Zeta Allopecius VI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
PLASTIC	Lambda Lewis X	The planet's sky is a deep green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgaliena8.gif
PLCFHUA	Theta Doritus XI	The planet's sky is a pale green.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta9.gif		
PLDNRML	Delta Berry II	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif		
PLEGUKV	Linoleus Tyler III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
PLERLYO	Omicron Diverticulus IV	The sky is a hazy pink, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
PLFJSKS	Hippidipsus Taylor IX	The sky is yellow fading into mustard near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
PLMHBAL	Theta Martinez III	The planet's sky is a deep violet.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala6.gif	
PLNBGIZ	Kappa Dominatrix XI	The planet's sky is a uniform green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb1.gif	
PLPURIA	Rho Crustulus XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
PLTIEPD	Gamma Haggard II	The sky above the horizon is a pale red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb7.gif		
PLWTGYK	Beta Young VII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
PLYYNTM	Omicron Hippidipsus III	The sky is a dim red, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.		sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
PMARGEA	Yodeli Brown XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb9.gif
PMHVGAQ	Omicron Romero IV	The sky is an oppressive pink, punctuated by mottled pale orange and turquoise-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
PMIPIZQ	Alpha Humptydumptus IV	The sky above the horizon is a bright red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala10.gif	sgaliena5.gif
PMIUYXT	Gamma Bubblicius VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	
PMLXOFN	Eta Diverticulus X	The planet's sky is a hazy green.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
PMSOTBG	Kappa Reagan VIII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
PMUMNBC	Alpha Cancerus V	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.			
PMXGOPT	Zeta Salisbury IV	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
PMYUQNS	Paulreichus Stemple II	The planet's sky is a bright orange, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb10.gif	
PNFYLEO	Omicron Perfunctus VII	The sky is a vivid blue, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
PNSFYHO	Waldorfus Romero IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
PNYBYRR	Delta McDonald IV	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red, punctuated by mottled black and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
POBCQXG	Theta Nite II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb3.gif
POCRWUN	Phi Pacmanicus VIII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of cream-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta2.gif		
POGJHTV	Tau Capulet XI	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
POKEFAM	Pi Garfield IV	The sky is a dim pink, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
POKEMON	Psi Nicholson IV	The sky is pink fading into rose near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
POLECAT	Pi Waldorfus II	The sky is an oppressive orange, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala2.gif	
POQPXWX	Nu Dominatrix VIII	The sky is a uniform yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
PORJMSJ	Lambda Polepositioni VIII	The planet's sky is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled white and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
PORNHUB	Eta Bellegrandus IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant cream.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
POSXENJ	Rho Rutgers X	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
POVERTY	Alpha Sanford VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc3.gif	
POYXIQJ	Slobulus Davis IX	The sky is a brilliant yellow, dominated by a system of lavender-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb9.gif
PPGJHLZ	Pacmanicus Hall XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
PPHKYQP	Epsilon Mousketeerus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached tan, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
PPKMXAG	Abbrevianus Berry VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
PPMOQJH	Psi Saladus VIII	The sky is an oppressive olive.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
PPNYSJD	Gamma Equipajus IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb6.gif
PPOGBVS	Rho Zevon VIII	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
PPQYCQO	Eta Mott I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
PPRELPQ	Alpha Robinson VI	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
PPSUBVN	Tau Crematorius XI	The sky is green fading into teal near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta12.gif		
PPWHRMM	Xi Johnson XI	The sky is a uniform green, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
PQASJPH	Crustulus Buck IX	The sky is a bright yellow, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
PQDAGEG	Phi Blivebarkerus XI	The sky is green fading into maroon near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
PQEJEWH	Psi Goldthwait IX	The planet's sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
PQQNHJK	Xi Waldorf XI	The sky is an oppressive olive, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
PQRSRQP	Mu Benedict IX	The sky is a dim yellow.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
PQRTSUV	Chi Huxtable IV	The planet's sky is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb4.gif
PQSPWDS	Dickbutkus O'Sullivan V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	
PQXBWLC	Omega Dickbutkus II	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
PRAXYON	Billclintonus Sullivan I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
PRELUDE	Nu Sullivan VII	The sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
PRFJETO	Omega Blivebarkerus III	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
PRICKLY	Kappa Harris VIII	The planet's sky is a dim yellow, punctuated by mottled pink and lilac-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif		
PRMUDPC	Chi Paulreiserus VI	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, punctuated by mottled cerulean-colored and white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta2.gif		
PRNLFEE	Delta Madison X	The sky above the horizon is a dim green, punctuated by mottled white and cream-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala6.gif	
PRNZORC	Linoleus Durden VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
PROBLEM	Pi Isaacson X	The sky is a hazy yellow, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
PRPFTQR	Equipajus Hall XI	The planet's sky is a vivid mauve, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc3.gif		
PRUUPCW	Tau Johnson X	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala13.gif	
PRVTJEC	Sigma O'Sullivan XI	The sky is sepia fading into yellow near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala13.gif	
PRYUKIA	Rho Franklin VII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
PSBBIBB	Mu Lennon III	The sky is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb7.gif		sgaliena7.gif
PSFFBYK	Psi Shafer IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
PSJODLA	Lambda Crunkuli V	The sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb5.gif
PSKMBTE	Delta North VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
PSMJHFB	Zeta Salisbury II	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
PSNNSJX	Fritus Nipperus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright periwinkle, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgaliena9.gif
PSNOTOG	Theta Spitzner II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
PSOWDAF	Psi Brown VII	The planet's sky is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb4.gif		
PSSHKJN	Paulreichus Stipe VI	The planet's sky is a bright blue, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgaliena10.gif
PSZKVIW	Xi Pannus I	The sky is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb2.gif
PTCFWTC	Beta Trixrabbitus VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb6.gif	
PTEGGZA	Scabrus Stipe VIII	The planet's sky is a bright blue, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala17.gif	
PTKOPCZ	Conjunctivitus North XI	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled burgundy-colored and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif		
PTLQKWY	Fustulus Franklin V	The sky is a dim pink, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgaliena10.gif
PTQWAOA	Chi Dickbutkus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
PUEYCBE	Sigma Conjunctivitus XI	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	
PUGRRBH	Epsilon O'Reilly V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink, punctuated by mottled aquamarine-colored and mustard-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
PUIKOWB	Paulreichus Stipe VI	The planet's sky is a bright blue, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
PUJTABB	Alpha Cancerus V	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta11.gif		sgalienb6.gif
PUPJMDX	Tau Discothecus VII	The sky is blue fading into aquamarine near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
PUWFKOP	Theta Mills X	The planet's sky is a bright green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
PUXLMBQ	Lambda O'Sullivan IV	The sky is a vivid red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
PUXZIPC	Beta O'Mally IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb8.gif
PVLLGVL	Xi Capulet III	The sky is an oppressive red, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
PVTVLLM	Eta Abbrevianus VI	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta1.gif		
PVUMXYA	Zeta Wallace VIII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform periwinkle, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
PVVSAOY	Psi Wilson X	The planet's sky is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
PVWWHHM	Psi Harris IX	The planet's sky is a bright black.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
PVYPHLX	Eta Bob I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
PVZDWJJ	Pi Gromulus IV	The sky is a bright pink, dominated by a system of violet-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
PWIRWZY	Upsilon Berry IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
PWMFFJA	Leprus Jones IX	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
PWQBGRG	Omicron Draper XI	The sky is a hazy brown, punctuated by mottled white and silver-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
PWRPWDP	Fritus O'Kelly V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
PWRWYJV	Lambda Milkius IV	The sky is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb2.gif	
PWSOVSQ	Omega Belletaco II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		sgaliena2.gif
PWZXFOC	Theta Tyler VII	The planet's sky is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
PXILNIP	Omicron Madison I	The sky is a dim orange, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif		
PXMNEAL	Lambda Perfunctus III	The planet's sky is a vivid red, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
PXNXUMQ	Iota Perfunctus XI	The planet's sky is a vivid teal, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.		sganimala3.gif	sgaliena2.gif
PXQKTSS	Epsilon Mousketeerus VI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink, dominated by a system of white rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta9.gif		
PXRHDJO	Rho Cattusdoggus VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	There are no moons visible.			
PXSWAKY	Alpha Mexicanus VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb5.gif		
PXWMWPY	Zeta Dudebaddus XI	The planet's sky is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
PXZZUBC	Zeta Fritus XI	The planet's sky is a pale green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc2.gif		
PYBRDJO	Nu Reaganus VI	The sky is an oppressive blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta3.gif		
PYCVFEZ	Alpha Crunkuli II	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb2.gif
PYGPWRW	Omicron Paulreichus II	The sky is a deep orange, punctuated by mottled pale blue and aquamarine-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.		sganimala12.gif	
PYHJAAB	Nu Dudebaddus IV	The sky is an oppressive pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb5.gif	
PYMBIIS	Lambda Jones X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
PYQBMWG	Iota O'Sullivan V	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, punctuated by mottled black and lavender-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
PYZBVBV	Epsilon Unicornius XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb2.gif
PZBQVDF	Dickbutkus Isaacson XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
PZBYWQC	Gamma Sanford VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
PZHJXFO	Mu Pannus III	The sky is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
PZHYXRA	Discothecus Garcia IX	The sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif		sgalienb9.gif
PZUDILW	Xi Cattusdoggus VI	The sky is a uniform pink, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.		sganimala12.gif	
PZUOUXA	Psi Goldthwait VIII	The sky is a bright pink, punctuated by mottled chartreuse-colored and pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.		sganimala6.gif	
PZYJEXQ	Psi Garfunkel IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright green, punctuated by mottled pale orange and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb3.gif		
QAAAAAA	Beta Pacmanicus V	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala4.gif	
QAACIKV	Epsilon Paulreichus IV	The sky above the horizon is a deep red, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
QABWYAU	Upsilon Haskell III	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
QAGGIRQ	Phi Yodeli VIII	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
QAKHXVY	Omicron Draper VIII	The sky is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
QALVNEV	Omega Crustulus III	The sky is a brilliant orange, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
QAMORTU	Eta O'Mally III	The planet's sky is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
QAQCIPG	Upsilon Bubblewrapium VIII	The sky is blue fading into violet near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.			
QATMUNP	Billclintonus Meadows IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy ochre-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
QAUNEKO	Epsilon Bubblewrapium IV	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red, punctuated by mottled grey and green-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
QAVKUYG	Xi O'Kelly IV	The sky is a bleached red, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala15.gif	
QAXBFOC	Beta Franklin XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim beige.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
QAZFTDA	Epsilon Trixrabbitus V	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif		sgalienb6.gif
QBBNKUS	Delta Waldorfus IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
QBEGLQM	Zeta King XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta14.gif		
QBNVNZZ	Delta Cattusdoggus II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, dominated by a system of scarlet-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgaliena2.gif
QBOJZAG	Gamma Brown IX	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant puce.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif		
QBQBQBQ	Omega Montague IV	The planet's sky is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb7.gif	
QBRGNGC	Pi Young VIII	The sky is a vivid yellow, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
QBRUTRK	Theta Rodriguez I	The planet's sky is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala6.gif	
QBSPUEL	Alpha Cardboardius IV	The sky above the horizon is a uniform pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
QBTOBMV	Upsilon Perambulus III	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgaliena2.gif
QCCBTTF	Beta Steadwick V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
QCEDLTL	Cromulus Taylor III	The sky is a brilliant red, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
QCJPCFW	Lepidopterus Thomas IX	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb9.gif
QCKZSMZ	Hippidipsus Goodman IX	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
QCNDCLY	Nu Disraeli VI	The sky is a vivid blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
QCTLYNX	Gamma Fustulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright cyan.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb1.gif	
QCVNSQQ	Psi McMahon VII	The sky is rose fading into red near the horizon, speckled with puffy black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.			sgaliena7.gif
QCVTKZH	Zeta Milkius IV	The planet's sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
QCWSHUA	Zeta Diverticulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
QCYVZPC	Iota Abbrevianus XI	The planet's sky is a hazy green, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala4.gif	
QDAQUBH	Omicron Bellegrandus VIII	The sky is a brilliant yellow, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	
QDDFOML	Xi Corpulus XI	The sky is a pale green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgaliena5.gif
QDDKYRK	Omega Crematorius III	The sky is a pale red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.		sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
QDEDBLE	Kappa Bubblicius I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.			
QDSVTCD	Mu Diverticulus VI	The sky is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb5.gif
QDWBCQY	Xi King III	The sky is a vivid red, speckled with puffy periwinkle-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
QDXFIBF	Xi Diggusduggus II	The sky is a dim orange, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
QEBREWR	Pi Fritus I	The sky is a pale orange, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala4.gif	
QEICBTB	Iota Billclintonus X	The planet's sky is a hazy green, dominated by a system of white rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.			
QEIDOYT	Eta Phlebitis II	The planet's sky is a hazy red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	
QEKFZUJ	Omicron Lennon X	The sky is a hazy green, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		
QEKRRHR	Eta Cromulus II	The planet's sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
QEKYFYI	Nu Scabrus V	The sky is a deep pink.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala10.gif	
QENOJAK	Psi Milkius XI	The sky is a hazy blue.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	
QEYPCRY	Beta Thompson I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			
QEZALRF	Pelicanus Brown VII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
QFAQHSF	Omega Montague IV	The planet's sky is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
QFJMMLO	Iota Diverticulus III	The planet's sky is a hazy red, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb5.gif
QFOCVBY	Nu Montague VIII	The sky is an oppressive ochre.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
QFPKDGI	Mu Pannus III	The sky is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
QGGZYZK	Beta Billclintonus X	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
QGHLVAO	Pelicanus Brown XI	The sky is green fading into white near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb10.gif	
QGQZYAC	Nu Miller II	The sky is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
QGRCNGG	Lambda Waldorfus I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgaliena6.gif
QGVYYDV	Delta Reagan II	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange, speckled with puffy auburn-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
QGVYZBF	Bubblicius Khan III	The sky is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
QHCGJCW	Kappa Reaganus X	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
QHCNVRV	Slobulus Mills IX	The sky is a bright yellow, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala19.gif	
QHGOCIE	Omega Corpulus IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
QHQALNP	Pi Lennon IV	The sky is a hazy pink, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
QHUJYTW	Belletaco Reynolds II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
QHZUYTW	Cancerus Jones II	The planet's sky is a brilliant red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta19.gif		sgalienb10.gif
QIAHVUY	Upsilon Gromulus V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
QIAVQXQ	Diverticulus O'Sullivan XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala17.gif	
QICHEDR	Xi Waldorf X	The sky is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
QIDMXDK	Chi Doritus IV	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.			
QIFABBO	Omicron Nipperus VIII	The sky is a bright blue, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
QIFYWCC	Alpha Hamburguesus III	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta12.gif		
QIJZLQN	Iota Adams V	The planet's sky is a dim golden, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
QIKNDSF	Fredfordus Jones VIII	The planet's sky is a uniform blue, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
QIKOQZE	Zeta Perfunctus VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	
QIMZFON	Alpha Cooper VI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy lilac.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala13.gif	
QIOTNZR	Kappa Gromulus XI	The planet's sky is a bright green, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
QIPORVA	Lepidopterus Berry VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
QIVNMUR	Cromulus Taylor III	The sky is a dim red, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
QIVWLHP	Delta Perfunctus VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
QIWZIBG	Rho Reagan IV	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala5.gif	
QIYLLXG	Milkius Smith III	The sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
QJEGCYF	Pi Dominatrix IX	The sky is a uniform yellow, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
QJIKTBN	Sigma Gromulus VIII	The sky is yellow fading into cerulean near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgaliena6.gif
QJOLPZG	Blivebarkerus Westinghouse III	The planet's sky is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb10.gif		
QJRQTTG	Gamma Nelson VII	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
QJUAAWX	Kappa Steadwick II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif		
QJUONXB	Gromulus Harrison XI	The sky is a dim green, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.			
QJYYPXQ	Beta Bellegrandus XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb1.gif
QKDEGNX	Upsilon Conjunctivitus IV	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc1.gif	
QKIAAGD	Iota Smith VIII	The planet's sky is a uniform blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	There are no moons visible.			
QKITVFJ	Omicron Perambulus VIII	The sky is a pale yellow, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif		
QKLYMCJ	Kappa O'Reilly VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, punctuated by mottled pale blue and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
QKNGLJL	Eta Disraeli XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
QKPYYWM	Phi Bush V	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
QKTOCXS	Hippidipsus Shafer II	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb10.gif	
QKYHUVS	Epsilon Nelson IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta8.gif		
QKYJAWH	Mu Stemple VII	The sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala5.gif	
QKYPWIN	Rho Goldthwait VIII	The sky is olive fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta12.gif		
QLDTPUH	Iota McMahon VI	The planet's sky is a hazy pink, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
QLFQMRO	Eta Fustulus II	The planet's sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala4.gif	
QLHPABN	Doritus McDonald IX	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow, punctuated by mottled pink and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	
QLIXDME	Omega Mexicanus VIII	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, and a ochre-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
QLSNCEK	Theta Sanford I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta7.gif		
QLTVIVA	Epsilon Crunkuli II	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.			
QLUPVJK	Nu Conjunctivitus I	The sky is a hazy orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
QLWZEGD	Pi Rutgers XI	The sky is a bright silver, dominated by a system of black rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif		
QMRSOCN	Phi Diggusduggus VI	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
QMRYNWK	Microscopius Nelson IV	The planet's sky is a pale red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
QMTSCSV	Tau Black II	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
QMZECDG	Epsilon McCartney V	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink, speckled with puffy magenta-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb8.gif		
QNHMJHW	Gromulus Spitzner VII	The sky is a bleached blue, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif		sgaliena9.gif
QNLBXTR	Gamma Abbrevianus VII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy navy.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.		sganimala4.gif	
QNLVFSZ	Mu Belletaco VI	The sky is a brilliant indigo.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
QNPAWAD	Eta Thompson V	The planet's sky is a uniform pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala15.gif	
QOCGZLZ	Zeta Phlebitis VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of maroon-colored rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
QOEEFHL	Nu Zevon III	The sky is a uniform red.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc3.gif	
QOHBPIK	Alpha Mack III	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
QOJEDVZ	Epsilon Slobulus V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.			
QOKHIDL	Iota Billclintonus VII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, punctuated by mottled grey and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.			
QOODWNH	Lambda Paulreiserus IV	The planet's sky is a deep red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
QOSAANL	Phi Johnson XI	The sky is green fading into navy near the horizon, dominated by a system of scarlet-colored rings.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
QOTIXUT	Iota Phlebitis XI	The planet's sky is a hazy green, punctuated by mottled black and mustard-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
QOTZDQV	Mousketeerus McNichols V	The sky is a uniform fuchsia, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb9.gif
QOUQZAY	Theta Adams V	The planet's sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
QOUTKOR	Hamburguesus Lennon V	The planet's sky is a hazy pink, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif		sgalienb10.gif
QOWMOYB	Mexicanus Hathaway I	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
QOXEGVC	Epsilon Diverticulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy burgundy, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala10.gif	
QPEUYYD	Phi Madison IV	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of ultramarine-colored rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif		sgalienb8.gif
QPPYPRS	Alpha McDurkee V	The sky above the horizon is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
QPQTMMM	Phi Brown V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
QPRTNSU	Alpha Blivebarkerus II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala2.gif	
QPZFKVB	Nu Bearthurus VII	The sky is a brilliant blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala9.gif	
QQCNQER	Iota Perfunctus XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
QQJVKLQ	Sigma Nipperus IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.		sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
QQKQZHG	Omega Mott VI	The planet's sky is a pale yellow, dominated by a system of white rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala7.gif	
QQQQQQQ	Beta Gronulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala9.gif	
QRCLPPX	Omega Draper II	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
QRDHULZ	Trixrabbitus Young IX	The planet's sky is a bright pink, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
QRFFXOY	Zeta Roosevelt III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
QRHMZZM	Nu Belletaco X	The sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb5.gif
QRHPAXM	Tau Slobulus VI	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	
QRLNGDQ	Psi Wallace III	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive cornflower.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	
QRQOEVL	Sigma Bob VIII	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
QRSTUVW	Alpha Mexicanus IX	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
QRWQXSH	Conjunctivitus Reagan I	The sky is yellow fading into vermilion near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgaliena9.gif
QRYCFAY	Nu Paulson XI	The sky is a bright aquamarine.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif		
QSBDFGQ	Billclintonus Jones XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala20.gif	
QSFUTVC	Sigma Berry VIII	The sky is yellow fading into violet near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
QSKHWME	Kappa O'Reilly IX	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, dominated by a system of purple-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
QSKUVQV	Phi Allen V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta16.gif		sgalienb8.gif
QSNMRPN	Theta Diverticulus VIII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
QSOPBRS	Sigma Nipperus IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.			
QSRDRXN	Iota Smith III	The planet's sky is a uniform red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.			
QSRGZPE	Iota Doritus XI	The planet's sky is a pale burgundy, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala12.gif	
QSUIDYS	Iota Smith III	The planet's sky is a uniform red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala7.gif	
QSVAJSY	Billclintonus Sullivan I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta19.gif		
QSWBEBD	Abbrevianus Young VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
QSWSDRW	Perambulus Peterson III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red, with a dense covering of white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.			
QSXEMVV	Phi Meadows II	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb7.gif
QTJIKJP	Iota Hathaway X	The planet's sky is a bleached green, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta7.gif		sgaliena4.gif
QTKJTPQ	Lambda Mills V	The planet's sky is a bright pink, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
QTKPNZL	Tau Pacmanicus III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb6.gif	
QTUPLUQ	Lambda O'Sullivan VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid olive, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta15.gif		
QUARTET	Tau Durden VIII	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb8.gif	
QUAZARS	Theta Dominatrix I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
QUBKKYW	Zeta Gronulus VII	The planet's sky is a bleached mauve.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb6.gif	
QUCCSLQ	Psi Dyxichix X	The sky is a dim orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb6.gif
QUCQKDC	Xi Perfunctus I	The sky is a vivid orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala11.gif	
QUCTHOE	Epsilon Pelicanus V	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, speckled with puffy yellow-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
QUEEKBQ	Xi Madison XI	The sky is a dim teal.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
QUENDOR	Zeta Linoleus XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform gray, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta11.gif		
QUEWVIA	Delta Cattusdoggus III	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red, dominated by a system of pink-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
QUINCYJ	Alpha Bananaramus IX	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive purple.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
QUINTET	Eta Conjunctivitus VI	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
QUISGHV	Chi Dyxichix XI	The sky is an oppressive cyan.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta11.gif		
QUSXZFO	Theta Fredfordus X	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
QUVSONK	Paulreichus Roosevelt I	The planet's sky is a dim auburn, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif		sgalienb10.gif
QUWZVWB	Gromulus Hathaway III	The sky is a bleached red, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
QUYTPDG	Chi Moore IX	The sky is yellow fading into periwinkle near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
QVAQKKM	Abbrevianus Hernandez XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
QVCFMSN	Rho Garfield V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
QVHGVQX	Delta Dyxichix VI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
QVMBPOS	Nu Mexicanus III	The sky is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
QVSCLJW	Milkius Smith III	The sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgaliena9.gif
QWFTWFP	Xi Nicholson X	The sky is a dim green, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
QWMQAZB	Zeta Corpulus VI	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc2.gif	
QWTMFWS	Microscopius Madison VIII	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala19.gif	
QWXSCEC	Upsilon O'Sullivan I	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
QXBLEMZ	Nu Linoleus VII	The sky is a uniform blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
QXDDJLL	Rho Bananaramus VI	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
QXFPTGE	Phi Dunn VIII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and mustard-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala13.gif	
QXUTFNH	Rho Young X	The sky is green fading into auburn near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
QXUVCPR	Tau Belvedere X	The sky is ruby fading into blue near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb8.gif
QYDFMQP	Omega Paulreichus III	The planet's sky is an oppressive red, with a dense covering of ruby-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala4.gif	
QYFCZWA	Perambulus Smith VI	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
QYHEBFO	Rho Durden VI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala14.gif	
QYHQPAR	Epsilon Molotov VII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
QYIBLKA	Sigma Conjunctivitus XI	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala10.gif	
QYJXZJH	Zeta Fredfordus II	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgaliena6.gif
QYOBMWX	Omega Crustulus I	The sky is a uniform pink, speckled with puffy lavender-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
QYPSEPC	Lambda Bananaramus I	The sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala2.gif	sgaliena1.gif
QYTZZFP	Gamma Milkius IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgaliena6.gif
QYYYBBY	Iota Saladus XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
QZESHAH	Beta North V	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
QZEWXJR	Chi Westinghouse IV	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif		
QZTVZPV	Psi Leprus IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgaliena6.gif
QZWSRDV	Alpha Harris VII	The sky above the horizon is a dim maroon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.		sganimala14.gif	
RAAAAAA	Sigma Mousketeerus IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena1.gif
RAAJLHY	Lambda Des Moines XI	The planet's sky is a pale green, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb3.gif
RACHELS	Saladus Nelson IX	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
RACISTS	Nu Crematorius IX	The sky is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
RACKIST	Alpha Robinson IX	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala5.gif	
RADOMYB	Pi Westinghouse IV	The sky is an oppressive pink, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
RAESMCE	Xi Diverticulus III	The sky is a hazy red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		sgaliena1.gif
RAGNXMA	Rho Perambulus IV	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
RAHKGWM	Tau Hall X	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
RALPHIE	Kappa Dyxichix III	The planet's sky is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
RAMONES	Pacmanicus Brown VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
RASBJLF	Alpha McDonald VIII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
RASPNJL	Beta Waldorfus XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala10.gif	
RATFINK	Cheetus Belvedere XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, dotted by occasional wispy brown-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
RBDZHNP	Chi Cooper IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.			
RBFGMVK	Allopecius Rudd IX	The sky is a bright yellow, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
RBFGNQH	Theta Mack I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
RBFSRFK	Allopecius Rutgers II	The sky is a bright orange, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
RBKNCWI	Dyxichix Clark VI	The sky is a deep lilac.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
RBNJPDY	Lambda Madison VI	The planet's sky is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
RBQIHVC	Eta Goldthwait VI	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
RBUXGWZ	Lambda Phlebitis VII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.			
RBVNKHH	Kappa Dickbutkus XI	The planet's sky is a pale green, dominated by a system of olive-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
RBWPBCZ	Alpha Pennington X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
RBXWFDO	Sigma Thompson VI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
RCBYBIB	Sigma Jones XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb4.gif	
RCDUOTH	Psi McDurkee IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
RCGZUXI	Lambda Meadows II	The sky is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
RCIRQTQ	Gamma Hathaway XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala13.gif	
RCPCZHN	Rho Crustulus XI	The sky is indigo fading into brown near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		
RCSLBOO	Epsilon Bubblewrapium IV	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red, punctuated by mottled grey and green-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
RDDYVLC	Xi Scabrus IV	The sky is a deep red, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		
RDHCFHY	Dyxichix Johnson VI	The sky is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
RDHHDWP	Tau Hall X	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc3.gif	
RDMXNTE	Xi Mexicanus II	The sky is a dim orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
RDQAJOR	Fredfordus Shafer XI	The planet's sky is a uniform green, with a dense covering of ecru-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
RDZRYEI	Unicornius Allen IX	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb9.gif
RECITAL	Nu Mexicanus II	The sky is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala9.gif	
REIMQER	Kappa Cheetus III	The planet's sky is a pale red, dotted by occasional wispy amber-colored clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta9.gif		
REKOQOW	Lambda Harris VIII	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif		
RELWHWR	Upsilon Isaacson VI	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
REMEQKK	Tau Washington XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
REPIWQS	Zeta Humptydumptus VII	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
REPRISE	Zeta King IX	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
REQAQOJ	Kappa Haskell VII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, speckled with puffy cyan-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
REQUIEM	Lambda Durden V	The planet's sky is a bright pink, punctuated by mottled pale blue and auburn-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala6.gif	
RERAKTX	Rho Discothecus V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala10.gif	
RESQMRV	Psi Young VI	The sky is a vivid yellow, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
REVQAAL	Omicron Bananaramus VII	The sky is an oppressive blue, punctuated by mottled pale orange and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalc2.gif	
REWZHHK	Omega Hippidipsus X	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
REXEODJ	Epsilon Slobulus VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala10.gif	
RFDDTZX	Chi Waldorfus IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
RFHYUEG	Delta Waldorf VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	
RFIMGYI	Rho Clark II	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
RFOYRDA	Chi Garfunkel VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
RGCKPTF	Yodeli Draper VI	The sky is blue fading into vermilion near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
RGDDIWF	Pi Easthouse VI	The sky is an oppressive pink, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
RGENQEV	Gamma Madison VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb8.gif	
RGGNHYH	Omicron Milkius XI	The sky is a vivid aquamarine, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
RGHDTQM	Upsilon Dudebaddus I	The sky is cream fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
RGHIWZE	Upsilon Clark VI	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
RGKJCJY	Phi Paulreiserus XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled sienna-colored and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
RGKVHXR	Nu Waldorfus VI	The sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
RGQGSAV	Crematorius Sanford X	The sky is an oppressive green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif		
RGTQQRV	Phi Goldthwait III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
RGVVEJI	Xi Waldorf XI	The sky is an oppressive olive, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala7.gif	
RHFPQBZ	Phi Black VIII	The sky is blue fading into olive near the horizon, with a dense covering of indigo-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
RHODIUM	Gronulus Stemple VIII	The sky is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif		sgaliena9.gif
RHOHBYH	Iota Clinton IX	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
RHOOALB	Beta Billclintonus I	The sky above the horizon is a hazy aquamarine.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	
RHQRRSR	Gamma Hamburguesus X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb5.gif
RHXOCJT	Gamma Jackson XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, and a vermilion-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
RHYMEXE	Phi Clark VI	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled mustard-colored and grey clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb7.gif
RHZGVWA	Pi McMahon VIII	The sky is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
RHZXOPJ	Pi Dyxichix X	The sky is a vivid yellow, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala10.gif	
RICHMAN	Milkius O'Mally III	The sky is a vivid cornflower.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
RICKETS	Lambda Slobulus IX	The planet's sky is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif		sgaliena2.gif
RIFFLES	Tau Symington VII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, with a dense covering of orange-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
RIIIVQT	Mu Gromulus XI	The sky is a bright green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
RITARDS	Epsilon King VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		
RIVPNLI	Xi Dickbutkus II	The sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta9.gif		
RIVRTDE	Delta Brooks XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale brown, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb4.gif	sgaliena4.gif
RIWGECK	Psi Crustulus X	The sky is a dim yellow, punctuated by mottled pink and mustard-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
RIWWBCY	Molotov Mack IV	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
RIWXTZA	Delta Stipe VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
RJBJMXQ	Lambda Discothecus XI	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif		
RJLDKTA	Theta Slobulus VIII	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
RJNWNCZ	Rho Jones XI	The sky is gray fading into ecru near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
RJPLLOJ	Pi Goldthwait III	The sky is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb3.gif
RJRZEME	Omicron Billclintonus XI	The sky is a hazy green, punctuated by mottled black and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
RJSWDLQ	Pelicanus Belvedere XI	The sky is turquoise fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
RKJEQZF	Fredfordus Cartwright XI	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
RKLJPDM	Lambda Rodriguez I	The sky is a deep orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgaliena8.gif
RKXRDMH	Nu Miller II	The sky is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
RKYAPAY	Rho Isaacson XI	The sky is tan fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
RKYHJZP	Alpha Isaacson II	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
RKYJUHW	Upsilon Trixrabbitus IV	The sky is golden fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of ecru-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta9.gif		
RKZLLFO	Pi O'Sullivan IV	The sky is a vivid red, with a dense covering of green-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
RLACCGZ	Phi North XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala16.gif	
RLTEIQJ	Omega Molotov X	The planet's sky is a dim pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif		
RLVPGUY	Omicron Discothecus VIII	The sky is a bleached yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	
RLVSMIY	Chi Saladus VI	The sky is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala3.gif	
RLXMDQL	Chi Mills II	The sky is a pale mustard, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
RLYGCDE	Rho McCartney VII	The sky is blue fading into maroon near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb3.gif		
RLYHMDU	Nu Molotov XI	The sky is a brilliant cornflower.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
RMFVTCO	Upsilon Jackson VIII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb8.gif
RMNQFZB	Psi Stemple X	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
RMOTAGI	Epsilon Anderson II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
RMSPXMA	Beta Fredfordus I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
RMSQYDC	Sigma Mack IX	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
RMUPQBA	Nu Crustulus V	The sky is a bright pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
RMWQXET	Phi Davis VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
RMYULAI	Eta Molotov I	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
RNAXFOB	Bubblewrapium McNichols VII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgaliena10.gif
RNCKZGB	Delta Brown IV	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red, dominated by a system of white rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
RNHQBHU	Zeta Harrison VII	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
RNJXFTG	Theta Haskell IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
RNZLPKX	Alpha Fritus X	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
ROBBERT	Cheetus Smith V	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
RODLZJJ	Lambda Billclintonus XI	The sky is a hazy gray.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta1.gif		
ROFLMAO	Zeta Thomas II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant burgundy, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
ROGPQMW	Epsilon Humptydumptus II	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala3.gif	sgaliena2.gif
ROJFKLN	Omicron Bellegrandus IV	The sky is a brilliant ecru, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
ROKXQNL	Omega Unicornius III	The sky above the horizon is a pale ultramarine.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
RONALDO	Iota Buck V	The planet's sky is a bright pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta14.gif		
ROUDODW	Theta Brooks V	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
ROUQTOJ	Fustulus Stemple III	The sky is a bright red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
ROVAPAI	Theta Cromulus IX	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta3.gif		sgalienb2.gif
ROYOVID	Rho Symington I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
RPHHMUE	Rho Diggusduggus XI	The sky is green fading into violet near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
RPHPDSL	Iota Mousketeerus II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgaliena2.gif
RPNFQEN	Nu Reaganus VI	The sky is an oppressive blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
RQBJPOU	Mu Woodward VI	The sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
RQEJWHM	Sigma Thompson I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
RQIVPGA	Eta Robinson III	The planet's sky is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		
RQJEGGI	Iota Conjunctivitus XI	The planet's sky is a hazy green, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
RQNABQY	Upsilon Discothecus V	The sky is golden fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala10.gif	
RQUEEAD	Psi Allopecius II	The sky is a uniform blue, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
RQXTKXE	Nu Scabrus V	The sky is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
RQXXUJO	Kappa Dominatrix X	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala3.gif	
RQZHHVA	Eta Cattusdoggus IX	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalc2.gif	
RRBCWJA	Cancerus Cooper V	The planet's sky is a hazy fuchsia.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb9.gif		
RRIAVEV	Fritus Miller VIII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
RRIDKLO	Alpha Perfunctus V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb6.gif
RRRUDUK	Alpha Dudebaddus XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive viridian.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif		sgaliena5.gif
RSBHOAN	Bananaramus Lewis VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached red, punctuated by mottled white and pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalc3.gif	
RSCJVKH	Iota Waldorf VI	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb3.gif
RSDYKAP	Zeta Salisbury X	The planet's sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif		
RSFGLKU	Kappa Mott XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive emerald, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
RSINAVH	Phi Madison IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
RSMOQDR	Rho Scabrus XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
RSNSEFG	Eta Reagan XI	The planet's sky is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
RSPETEA	Theta Romero XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive cerulean.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb4.gif	
RSQMAKV	Diggusduggus Hathaway VIII	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb9.gif
RSRSZZG	Omega Cancerus IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
RSTBVWX	Theta Blivebarkerus IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
RSTUVWX	Gamma Goldthwait II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb1.gif	
RSWWEGD	Beta Saladus IX	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
RSXFEEO	Eta Lepidopterus V	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb2.gif
RSXMLOB	Tau Isaacson VIII	The sky is magenta fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc3.gif	sgaliena8.gif
RSZBSBM	Upsilon Microscopius IV	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
RTAGBPX	Alpha Smith XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb3.gif	
RTBKOFE	Omega DuPree VII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
RTBKYPE	Gamma Trixrabbitus VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
RTCZBLM	Omicron Nipperus IX	The sky is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
RTHVERX	Iota Bubblewrapium X	The planet's sky is a uniform green, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif		
RTKJQDB	Mu Jones XI	The sky is a uniform cream.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
RTPRNCH	Chi Diggusduggus I	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb6.gif
RTSUYYE	Psi Crunkuli XI	The sky is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled ultramarine-colored and tan-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
RTWKQIH	Alpha Young III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached cornflower.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	
RTYZMHQ	Epsilon Dyxichix VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
RUADKWH	Iota Conjunctivitus III	The planet's sky is a hazy red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb2.gif
RUDOLPH	Omicron Nipperus IX	The sky is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
RUGNSHN	Chi Benedict VIII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		
RULQLHC	Psi Taylor XI	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb3.gif	
RULSNHN	Alpha Benedict VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
RUYWWWT	Bearthurus Draper I	The planet's sky is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
RVHMOMW	Omicron Wilson IV	The sky is a brilliant red, dominated by a system of teal-colored rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
RVLQZFC	Blivebarkerus Rutgers III	The planet's sky is a bright red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
RVMEMES	Belletaco Spitzner VII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
RVSNKVN	Phi McCartney X	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.			
RWCMYFV	Iota Durden IV	The planet's sky is a bright red, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
RWJMFRE	Hamburguesus Black V	The planet's sky is a hazy pink, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
RWMIUUB	Sigma McDurkee II	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
RWQWCJQ	Psi Waldorfus V	The planet's sky is a bright red, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta3.gif		sgalienb2.gif
RWXOWTH	Gamma Reaganus X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.			
RWYTCIU	Theta Doritus V	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
RXAHFUH	Psi Diverticulus II	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of turquoise-colored rings.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
RXCBTQE	Eta Thompson VII	The planet's sky is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala6.gif	
RXIDWIO	Theta Saladus I	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
RXJCGUK	Eta Williams V	The planet's sky is a brilliant gray.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif		
RXOAMYC	Upsilon Bubblicius VII	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgaliena1.gif
RXORBLH	Alpha Stipe X	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
RXRBSBB	Epsilon Miller VII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
RXTMUJX	Rho Woodward IV	The sky is cyan fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb3.gif
RXUVAWQ	Upsilon Diverticulus IX	The sky is yellow fading into lavender near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
RYADOIN	Beta Noriega XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
RYFSGEO	Psi Johnson VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
RYIEOPG	Rho Cattusdoggus VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala9.gif	
RYOFXDG	Iota Cattusdoggus VIII	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		sgaliena1.gif
RYPMEYJ	Lambda Polepositioni VIII	The planet's sky is a dim blue, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala10.gif	
RYQRVGR	Psi Pacmanicus X	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
RYTYZAJ	Trixrabbitus Roosevelt I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta17.gif		
RYZFDKE	Epsilon Buck I	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
RZNEMAI	Omega Hamburguesus III	The planet's sky is a pale red, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala9.gif	
RZQNPXG	Sigma Benedict XI	The sky is periwinkle fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	
SAAAAAA	Omega Lepidopterus II	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif		sgalienb6.gif
SALXBLF	Mu Shafer V	The sky is a uniform fuchsia.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalc3.gif	
SAMCXFF	Gamma Young VI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.			
SAMEXOP	Lambda Young IV	The planet's sky is a vivid red, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
SAMUELH	Gamma Hall I	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb7.gif	
SAOXGBJ	Phi Yodeli IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
SARUKEN	Pi Stemple XI	The sky is a bright green, punctuated by mottled yellow-colored and pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
SARUMAN	Tau Crematorius XI	The sky is green fading into silver near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
SATURNV	Lambda Nicholson IV	The planet's sky is a dim red, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
SAYYOHO	Psi Noriega X	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala13.gif	
SBCEKVF	Psi Romero X	The sky is yellow fading into mauve near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		sgaliena8.gif
SBDNVAO	Tau Reagan VII	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
SBRKBCH	Chi Belvedere I	The sky is an oppressive orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
SBRLWHL	Chi King XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive green, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
SBUOLWW	Lambda Milkius VII	The planet's sky is a vivid blue, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
SBVMHWS	Goldthwait Garfunkel VIII	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
SBVXRWW	Bob Taylor III	The planet's sky is a pale yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
SCBCXAQ	Omega Spitzner II	The sky is a pale red, punctuated by mottled pale orange and ruby-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
SCEQTCC	Phi Madison VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif		sgaliena8.gif
SCGBXIY	Bellegrandus Shafer I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
SCHERZO	Rho Roosevelt X	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb4.gif
SCIENCE	Phi Brown VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena8.gif
SCLOQPH	Phi Nichols XI	The sky is sepia fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
SCNIKOS	Kappa Thompson I	The planet's sky is a deep orange, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc3.gif		
SCOYESR	Omega Sanford VII	The sky is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala16.gif	
SCPNHBB	Omicron Pannus VII	The sky is a hazy blue, punctuated by mottled grey and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
SCUMBAG	Bubblewrapium Benedict XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim lavender.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
SCZSJYF	Bubblewrapium Dunn III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
SDBRFRC	Lambda Crunkuli VIII	The planet's sky is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgaliena6.gif
SDHFRWG	Pacmanicus Brown VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
SDHSFVE	Eta Cancerus II	The planet's sky is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
SDIPPZC	Upsilon Fritus IX	The sky is purple fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled crimson-colored and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb6.gif		sgaliena6.gif
SDPQRIR	Epsilon Molotov XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green, with a dense covering of amber-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
SDUDJEH	Phi Scabrus VI	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
SDXRXTJ	Rho Clinton II	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
SDYOGPU	Alpha O'Mally X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
SEATTLE	Sigma Pacmanicus VIII	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
SEGVOHS	Gamma Buck V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb4.gif	sgaliena4.gif
SELENIS	Sigma Smith VII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
SEPDFFU	Phi Hathaway VIII	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		
SESOIUQ	Psi Conjunctivitus X	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
SETMFJD	Lambda Fustulus XI	The planet's sky is a bright fuchsia, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	
SEVERUS	Beta Thompson I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgaliena4.gif
SEWBCYD	Gromulus McMahon III	The sky is a hazy red, speckled with puffy crimson-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb10.gif
SEXDOLL	Delta Easthouse VII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
SEXIEST	Sigma Meadows VIII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
SEXPORN	Gamma Allopecius III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
SEXSLAV	Eta Cattusdoggus I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	
SEXSLUT	Xi Reaganus V	The sky is an oppressive pink, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb6.gif		
SEXYFUN	Mu Humptydumptus III	The sky is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
SEXYHUH	Sigma Belletaco IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
SEXYMAN	Delta Thompson III	The sky above the horizon is a uniform cream, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
SEXYOUP	Alpha Blivebarkerus II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
SEXYSEX	Delta McDonald VI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform pink, dominated by a system of sepia-colored rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb3.gif	
SEZMEQO	Phi Abbrevianus I	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb5.gif
SFFLIJK	Chi Reaganus IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif		
SFNOORH	Omega Dominatrix VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.			
SFUTQWU	Cancerus Martinez X	The planet's sky is a deep ruby.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb9.gif	
SFYMSPY	Xi Bearthurus VI	The sky is a brilliant pink, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.			
SGGZKVY	Dyxichix Stipe II	The sky is a bright orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
SGIXDVZ	Mu Johnson III	The sky is a uniform red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
SGMHDZM	Tau Perambulus IV	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgaliena2.gif
SGNWXHO	Iota Durden IV	The planet's sky is a bright red, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
SGNYWME	Mu Bush VI	The sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala6.gif	
SGRFHDW	Omega Billclintonus XI	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
SGXORDL	Lambda Madison V	The sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif		sgaliena4.gif
SGXSVVN	Rho Waldorfus V	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif		sgalienb2.gif
SHATNER	Pi Lennon IV	The sky is a hazy pink, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala6.gif	
SHEPIVB	Crematorius Stemple VI	The sky is a bright pink.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala18.gif	
SHNWVVF	Xi Zevon IV	The sky is a uniform red, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
SHOOTER	Alpha Cooper VI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy lilac.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc2.gif		
SHQNOCY	Rho Perambulus X	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala3.gif	
SHTRGXQ	Zeta Dunn II	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	
SHUMLHK	Xi Pelicanus VIII	The sky is a dim blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
SHUZNJT	Psi Perambulus I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform golden, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif		sgalienb5.gif
SHYUTMK	Pi Dyxichix X	The sky is a vivid yellow, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.			
SIDHVFO	Beta Easthouse XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			
SILENCE	Theta Washington IV	The planet's sky is a dim red.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.			
SILICON	Pi O'Sullivan VII	The sky is a vivid blue, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
SILYKEL	Xi Des Moines IX	The sky is a pale yellow, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
SIMARKA	Pi Hippidipsus VI	The sky is a dim pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
SIZTMHB	Chi Diggusduggus I	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
SJCTKOW	Psi McCartney I	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and green-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
SJHBTPB	Gamma Milkius IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink, punctuated by mottled pale orange and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala12.gif	
SKAPTMZ	Zeta Phlebitis VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of maroon-colored rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb1.gif	
SKHQWKL	Diverticulus Garcia XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
SKITTER	Tau Durden VIII	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif		
SKOYUDD	Mousketeerus McCartney V	The sky is a hazy pink, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
SKWWURZ	Discothecus Stemple III	The sky is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala18.gif	
SKYKLQO	Lambda Lewis III	The planet's sky is a deep red, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
SLEOUTY	Upsilon Washington V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
SLGWKZX	Psi Misogynus III	The sky is a brilliant blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb5.gif		
SLIOQFL	Upsilon Mousketeerus VII	The sky is blue fading into ruby near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala4.gif	
SLKRKEY	Conjunctivitus Stemple X	The sky is green fading into golden near the horizon, with a dense covering of viridian-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
SLOGFRP	Epsilon Misogynus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached cream, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
SLTEXVI	Gromulus McNichols VII	The sky is a uniform mustard, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb9.gif		sgaliena9.gif
SMDRXQY	Mu Franklin X	The sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif		
SMETVXZ	Omicron Microscopius XI	The sky is a deep green, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	
SMKAYFY	Alpha Milkius V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
SMLLAFA	Eta Diggusduggus IV	The planet's sky is a dim pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
SMTUAUM	Phi Bearthurus IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
SMTWFBU	Theta Phlebitis I	The planet's sky is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb6.gif
SMTWXTS	Mu Hamburguesus XI	The sky is a vivid ecru.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		
SMWNSPC	Alpha Paulson XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
SMXNGVM	Eta Mousketeerus II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif		
SMYOALL	Humptydumptus Capulet X	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
SMZQNIA	Cancerus Berry VI	The planet's sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
SNDITXP	Lambda Berry X	The planet's sky is a bright scarlet, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
SNKQSWB	Pi McMahon VIII	The sky is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
SNMJGPJ	Delta DuPree VI	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, punctuated by mottled grey and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
SNQAUIC	Tau Unicornius III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
SNWNAVT	Lambda Hernandez I	The planet's sky is a vivid orange, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala5.gif	
SNXZVNH	Theta Fritus V	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala9.gif	
SOASFCF	Nu Leprus VI	The sky is a deep magenta.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb5.gif		
SOBGOET	Kappa Haskell VII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, speckled with puffy cyan-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The sky is moonless.			
SOCKJYF	Xi North VII	The sky is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of grey rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
SOEGVHV	Cancerus Thompson IV	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
SOIPGHV	Gamma Anderson VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif		
SONAFOB	Zeta Brooks VII	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
SOPRANO	Upsilon Romero VIII	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala6.gif	
SOPTFJV	Bubblewrapium Dunn III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
SOSFWEA	Mousketeerus King IV	The sky is a vivid red, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala18.gif	
SOTRTLB	Beta Sullivan XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
SPANKME	Pi Pelicanus II	The sky is a dim orange, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
SPARKLE	Nu Microscopius V	The sky is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgaliena5.gif
SPATULA	Eta Bubblewrapium VIII	The planet's sky is a uniform blue.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb2.gif
SPCPHBM	Bananaramus Lewis V	The planet's sky is a deep green, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb10.gif		sgaliena10.gif
SPELUNK	Pi Dudebaddus XI	The sky is a hazy green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb1.gif
SPFQLWG	Alpha Mexicanus XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim green.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
SPFXSWP	Xi O'Sullivan I	The sky is a vivid orange, with a dense covering of white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif		sgaliena8.gif
SPINNER	Blivebarkerus Mack VIII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb9.gif	sgaliena9.gif
SPOODER	Iota Mack III	The planet's sky is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
SPRCVDB	Pi Blivebarkerus IV	The sky is a brilliant pink, dotted by occasional wispy taupe-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
SPSJBEG	Misogynus Smith I	The sky is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
SPUSDCD	Omega Noriega IX	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif		
SPUTNIK	Alpha Dominatrix XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform burgundy.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
SPVXMPQ	Gamma Misogynus II	The sky above the horizon is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
SPWVRSY	Pi Harris IV	The sky is a dim red, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
SQDAWQQ	Eta Fustulus II	The planet's sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
SQDHTBU	Epsilon Garfield VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, punctuated by mottled ultramarine-colored and tan-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
SQDUVHY	Mu Perfunctus I	The sky is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
SQFDBBG	Eta Diggusduggus XI	The planet's sky is a dim magenta.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		
SQIWXDT	Tau Sullivan X	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
SQLDXTE	Waldorfus Spitzner III	The sky is a pale red, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
SQNBARC	Omicron Thompson II	The sky is a deep red, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta7.gif		
SQPBXSX	Upsilon White III	The sky is red fading into magenta near the horizon, with a dense covering of ultramarine-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgaliena3.gif
SQROEPG	Omicron Cromulus III	The sky is a bleached red, punctuated by mottled tan-colored and grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgaliena2.gif
SQZEALT	Psi Lewis XI	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala7.gif	
SRCTAFD	Chi Disraeli XI	The planet's sky is a dim red, and a ruby-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
SRHMXHM	Eta Fredfordus II	The planet's sky is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	
SRIBCUA	Rho Bananaramus XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
SROLGKA	Phi Lepidopterus I	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgaliena5.gif
SROZFSY	Omicron DuPree IX	The sky is a pale puce, with a dense covering of golden-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
SRUNBMB	Rho Bubblewrapium III	The sky is red fading into auburn near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb2.gif		
SRUWGTW	Chi Scabrus IV	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.			
SSAQJBH	Eta Thompson V	The planet's sky is a uniform pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
SSCIBKR	Psi Smith III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgaliena3.gif
SSEHEBF	Mu Taylor II	The sky is a brilliant orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
SSGLEXL	Kappa Bearthurus X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala10.gif	
SSIJJSZ	Delta Franklin VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
SSNNFPY	Dyxichix Rodriguez I	The sky is a deep orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb10.gif		sgalienb10.gif
SSPZTCU	Zeta Young II	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
SSROMBU	Sigma Jones III	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
SSRTRKT	Phlebitis Dunn V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
SSSSHHS	Phi Polepositioni VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
SSSSSSS	Upsilon Waldorf IX	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of beige-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb8.gif	
SSWGBRL	Rho Gromulus III	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
SSXSTFM	Cromulus Disraeli V	The sky is a vivid pink, and a crimson-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
STARWAR	Reaganus DuPree XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgaliena9.gif
STATION	Chi Gromulus VII	The sky is a vivid pink, punctuated by mottled pink and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala12.gif	
STEWART	Eta Yodeli VIII	The planet's sky is a bright yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
STFXOSE	Saladus Smith XI	The sky is a uniform green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif		
STGGJYA	Eta Garcia VI	The planet's sky is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
STPRYNA	Sigma Davis XI	The sky is rose fading into green near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
STRIDER	Fustulus Sanford VI	The sky is an oppressive pink, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
STRWQJB	Lambda Peterson IX	The sky is a bleached viridian.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
STUTQLX	Xi Noriega VIII	The sky is a hazy blue, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb4.gif
STUVWXY	Nu Crustulus XI	The sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
STVWGJZ	Nu Paulreichus IX	The sky is a deep yellow.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb5.gif		
SUCKERS	Cromulus Adams XI	The sky is a dim green, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	
SUEEZJJ	Psi Easthouse VI	The planet's sky is a hazy pink, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb8.gif
SUFZLLR	Pi Cancerus X	The sky is a deep green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgaliena6.gif
SUJKXKL	Phi Trixrabbitus V	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb6.gif
SUJLJXY	Omicron Discothecus VIII	The sky is a bleached yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
SUKGUKV	Delta Crematorius X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		
SUKMDBE	Beta Dickbutkus VII	The sky above the horizon is a pale maroon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
SUREETA	Delta Gromulus X	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
SUSGKGG	Eta Brooks IX	The planet's sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala8.gif	
SUWOZMO	Upsilon Jones IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala14.gif	
SUYYFYL	Gamma Brooks XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
SUZOFCX	Nu Mexicanus II	The sky is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
SVBLWLC	Fustulus Sanford VI	The sky is an oppressive pink, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
SVFHXKP	Milkius Smith III	The sky is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
SVGSDHY	Tau Discothecus VII	The sky is blue fading into aquamarine near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
SVHJELS	Lambda Phlebitis VI	The planet's sky is a hazy pink, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb6.gif		sgaliena6.gif
SVIIAHM	Lambda Cheetus V	The planet's sky is a pale pink, punctuated by mottled cream-colored and pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
SVIPBDI	Upsilon Cancerus I	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, speckled with puffy turquoise-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb1.gif
SVJIXUZ	Beta Fredfordus IX	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb1.gif
SVOSZCM	Psi Paulreiserus VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached orange, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc1.gif	
SVPMIWF	Kappa Paulreichus VIII	The planet's sky is a deep blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb6.gif		
SVRHDZU	Psi Perambulus I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform golden, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
SVRHJXM	Phlebitis O'Kelly I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif		
SVUUZOX	Zeta Lewis XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep green, punctuated by mottled taupe-colored and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
SVZJLXC	Omicron Taylor X	The sky is a brilliant rose, speckled with puffy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
SWCZWGA	Pi Nipperus IX	The sky is a bright red, dominated by a system of white rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
SWIYONY	Kappa Smith XI	The planet's sky is a pale aquamarine, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala15.gif	
SWKPTYJ	Gamma Linoleus X	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
SWSWDKO	Leprus Stemple X	The planet's sky is a bright ruby, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgaliena9.gif
SWUCJEA	Upsilon Paulson VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
SXAQNXQ	Beta Leprus VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
SXHHRJY	Eta Young V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala6.gif	
SXKEMGM	Delta Cardboardius XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb6.gif
SXLOMQY	Beta Humptydumptus X	The sky above the horizon is a dim green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	
SXXJPPG	Eta Moore VII	The planet's sky is a brilliant mauve.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
SXZMCUR	Kappa Bubblicius X	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala1.gif	
SYFBYUQ	Xi Misogynus VIII	The sky is a bleached yellow, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgaliena2.gif
SYGWQBP	Psi Bellegrandus VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala1.gif	
SYMOCDW	Upsilon Yodeli V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.			
SYMTJJM	Delta Dunn IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
SYMYRNP	Kappa Humptydumptus XI	The planet's sky is a bright green, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
SYPIQYH	Sigma McNichols III	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb8.gif	sgaliena8.gif
SYSYCNH	Upsilon Symington XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala15.gif	
SYTHXSH	Chi Hernandez IX	The planet's sky is a bright red, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena8.gif
SYWCFFH	Delta Diverticulus IX	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
SZCZCWA	Upsilon Paulson XI	The sky is green fading into ecru near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
SZHKUHL	Pacmanicus O'Sullivan VI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb9.gif
SZKQCLT	Nu Taylor VII	The sky is a brilliant blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
SZNNXJP	Tau Woodward XI	The sky is indigo fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
SZNSCST	Dyxichix Draper V	The sky is a hazy fuchsia.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
SZPOXSK	Omicron Des Moines IV	The sky is a pale red, dominated by a system of salmon-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
SZRCBOE	Lambda Diggusduggus III	The sky is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
SZXWKES	Tau Bananaramus VIII	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc2.gif	
TAAAAAA	Chi Crunkuli VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
TAFCOXO	Upsilon Cartwright VI	The sky is pink fading into vermilion near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
TAGFCRF	Iota Davis I	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
TAGURIT	Chi Pennington IV	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
TAIQIBJ	Nu Zevon III	The sky is a uniform red.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
TALLINN	Lambda Cooper III	The planet's sky is a hazy red, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
TALTHIS	Beta Mack IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif		sgaliena8.gif
TAPRAFK	Nu Rudd XI	The sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgaliena7.gif
TARHXZL	Sigma Phlebitis XI	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
TARJSFJ	Lambda Yodeli VI	The planet's sky is a bright pink, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
TARJSTJ	Phlebitis Williams IV	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta20.gif		
TASJRAE	Psi Garcia III	The planet's sky is a pale red, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The sky is moonless.			
TATGHSG	Lambda Diggusduggus I	The planet's sky is a dim orange, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
TATGHSH	Kappa Perambulus I	The planet's sky is a pale orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
TAXBYQP	Lambda Young IX	The sky is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif		
TBCRZLA	Theta Bearthurus IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta11.gif		
TBEYOND	Xi Crunkuli II	The sky is a bright orange, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb6.gif
TBIJNTP	Upsilon Bananaramus X	The sky is yellow fading into ruby near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgaliena5.gif
TBJHHSX	Sigma Haskell XI	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
TBLTYJP	Paulreichus Garfield II	The planet's sky is a dim orange, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
TBOFCRR	Pi Durden III	The sky is a bright red, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
TBUJPEW	Equipajus Capulet I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc3.gif		sgaliena9.gif
TBVAPOU	Pi Hernandez VI	The sky is a vivid blue, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
TBYYZMO	Psi Zevon VI	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
TBZHBDC	Sigma Billclintonus IX	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif		
TCDWLUX	Phi Huxtable III	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
TCJGHKH	Theta Doritus XI	The planet's sky is a pale green.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
TCKXALI	Gamma Fritus IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
TCLXBSD	Delta Diggusduggus III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
TCQEUIZ	Molotov Zevon IX	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta17.gif		sgaliena9.gif
TCUQNQB	Xi Simon I	The sky is a pale orange, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
TDGRSML	Equipajus Johnson I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta19.gif		sgalienb10.gif
TDHQKQF	Alpha Humptydumptus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb6.gif
TDJMFWR	Crematorius Garcia V	The sky is a deep pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
TDMVJUI	Eta Lepidopterus IX	The planet's sky is a pale yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta4.gif		
TDPIGZX	Tau Smith II	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
TDSJZBP	Beta King IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
TDSXMQK	Rho Lee IV	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
TELEFON	Eta Lennon VII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgaliena7.gif
TEMPLES	Nu Saladus VIII	The sky is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif		
TENNANT	Gronulus Stemple VIII	The sky is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
TEORYWP	Nu Easthouse IX	The sky is an oppressive red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
TEPPJGM	Fustulus Huxtable III	The sky is an oppressive red, punctuated by mottled black and viridian-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta17.gif		sgaliena9.gif
TEQMXGW	Bananaramus Nite XI	The sky is a hazy burgundy.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
TEQTPHX	Eta Zevon II	The planet's sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
TEQUILA	Diverticulus Meadows VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta20.gif		sgalienb10.gif
TERBIUM	Sigma Yodeli V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb6.gif
TESTING	Iota Nite III	The planet's sky is a bleached red, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb4.gif
TETABBS	Kappa Dyxichix III	The planet's sky is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb5.gif
TFGJHDG	Gromulus Johnson IX	The sky is a brilliant yellow, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
TFHSXKK	Gronulus Smith IV	The sky is a uniform pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
TFNWODP	Delta Doritus XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale puce, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
TFQHQMQ	Theta Dickbutkus XI	The planet's sky is a uniform green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
TFQNBPU	Bananaramus Garfunkel IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta18.gif		
TFWRXKJ	Gronulus Tyler III	The sky is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	The sky is moonless.			
TGAISJY	Kappa Garfunkel I	The planet's sky is a pale orange, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif		
TGDUEUR	Beta Cancerus IV	The sky above the horizon is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc2.gif		sgalienb5.gif
TGEOJEM	Beta Brooks VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb8.gif	
TGFWOYI	Zeta Garfield XI	The planet's sky is a dim taupe.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
TGKCFVW	Zeta Thompson IV	The planet's sky is a deep pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
TGKJCKJ	Perfunctus Lennon XI	The planet's sky is a hazy green, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala17.gif	
TGKXOEU	Blivebarkerus Westinghouse III	The planet's sky is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
TGNIRSS	Scabrus Nicholson X	The planet's sky is a dim yellow, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala17.gif	
TGOMNJX	Tau Paulreiserus VI	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena2.gif
TGSLZOH	Pi Jones VIII	The sky is a uniform blue, dominated by a system of grey rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif		
TGSNUWO	Cheetus Des Moines V	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
TGTJPZN	Delta Crematorius VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
TGUYDRO	Sigma North XI	The sky is ecru fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
TGZMHRS	Lambda Mills V	The planet's sky is a bright pink, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb3.gif		sgaliena3.gif
THCEGGT	Omega Bananaramus I	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.			
THEAPES	Gamma Polepositioni III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three small moons hang in the sky.		sganimala2.gif	
THERMAL	Lambda Cardboardius II	The planet's sky is a uniform orange, and a green-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb2.gif
THERMIA	Gamma Dominatrix VIII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb2.gif	
THIMSXB	Lambda Billclintonus XI	The sky is a hazy gray.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala1.gif	
THIRTYG	Iota Smith VI	The planet's sky is a uniform blue, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb4.gif	
THLWCII	Kappa Cromulus IX	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
THORIUM	Omicron Johnson IV	The sky is a uniform red, punctuated by mottled pale blue and white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
THQDBLV	Gamma Roosevelt XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
THULIUM	Zeta Pelicanus VI	The planet's sky is a dim pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
THVWPDX	Belletaco Westinghouse VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
TIECEZB	Mousketeerus Easthouse VIII	The sky is an oppressive blue, dominated by a system of pink rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
TIEFICK	Iota Shafer X	The planet's sky is a uniform green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgaliena4.gif
TIJUANA	Gamma Polepositioni II	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
TIMEWAR	Xi North VII	The sky is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of grey rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb4.gif	sgaliena4.gif
TIOICHB	Perfunctus Thompson II	The planet's sky is a uniform orange, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala18.gif	
TIPSHXS	Delta Paulreiserus VI	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
TJAGKPT	Gamma Crunkuli XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright teal, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgaliena5.gif
TJDAWTD	Sigma Pacmanicus VIII	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta2.gif		
TJHMRUE	Hippidipsus Meadows IX	The sky is yellow fading into turquoise near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
TJKVUYM	Nu Diverticulus IX	The sky is a hazy pink.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgaliena6.gif
TJQMJWS	Sigma Tyler XI	The sky is rose fading into green near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb7.gif	
TJSVQQA	Tau Brown X	The sky is salmon fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
TJSYRJS	Theta Rodriguez VI	The planet's sky is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
TJZZKQG	Theta Trixrabbitus I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta2.gif		
TKAGXPR	Kappa Steadwick II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta8.gif		
TKBEFLS	Cancerus Harrison I	The planet's sky is a dim orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
TKMGCXJ	Psi Jones VII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
TKNUHYC	Phi McNichols III	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
TKOQNRC	Slobulus Anderson V	The sky is a brilliant pink, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
TKSJWJB	Alpha Brown X	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb8.gif
TKUVCCA	Iota Goodman VII	The planet's sky is a pale maroon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
TKWYTHJ	Milkius Jones VIII	The sky is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
TLGPOAC	Eta Steadwick XI	The planet's sky is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
TLHDWOJ	Delta Easthouse I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive aquamarine, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb4.gif	
TLHFECU	Blivebarkerus Mack VI	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta19.gif		sgalienb10.gif
TLIMXBI	Omicron Hathaway XI	The sky is a bleached green, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
TLISJJP	Cattusdoggus Peterson IV	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
TLIYAIW	Dudebaddus Sanford VII	The sky is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
TLMUJOO	Eta Conjunctivitus VI	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
TLMYWUT	Theta Bubblicius V	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta10.gif		
TLNNNGA	Lambda Noriega X	The sky is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgaliena8.gif
TLONMCY	Allopecius Jones II	The sky is a brilliant orange, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
TLSLSKX	Iota Billclintonus VIII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta11.gif		sgalienb6.gif
TLTIBTG	Fritus Nelson IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb10.gif		sgalienb10.gif
TLTLGIG	Sigma Smith VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
TLUHKEI	Omicron Taylor VIII	The sky is a dim blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
TLWZYBD	Psi O'Kelly XI	The sky is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
TLXHHXP	Microscopius Nite IX	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.			
TLYWEIQ	Billclintonus Roosevelt XI	The sky is maroon fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
TMATRYN	Theta Fredfordus VIII	The planet's sky is a deep periwinkle.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
TMBBMRN	Humptydumptus Hernandez VI	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.			
TMEHDKS	Nu Bearthurus I	The sky is a brilliant orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
TMETHET	Sigma Lee V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb3.gif
TMEXUIF	Upsilon Sanford XI	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
TMFIHWD	Beta North VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
TMOOSJZ	Lambda Robinson IX	The sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	
TMPFYOA	Gamma Fritus III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
TMPGWWM	Tau Garfunkel IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
TMQCLDL	Sigma Stemple II	The sky is orange fading into cyan near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
TMREEWL	Phi Allen IV	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif		
TMUACIN	Zeta Linoleus VIII	The planet's sky is a uniform blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
TMWNQSE	Kappa Fredfordus VIII	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
TMXQKEZ	Pi Clark III	The sky is a deep red, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
TNBSFST	Omicron Disraeli I	The sky is a vivid orange, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
TNQRPFC	Omega Goldthwait II	The planet's sky is a pale orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgaliena2.gif
TNQTOZW	Beta Davis VIII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
TNSVISH	Theta Bellegrandus III	The planet's sky is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
TNUCJBW	Epsilon Montague II	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive orange, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
TNUMDVM	Beta Sanford X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
TOGDPQQ	Pi Leprus XI	The sky is a deep green, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif		
TOLLANA	Waldorfus Stemple V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
TOOTSIE	Xi Phlebitis VII	The sky is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.			
TOOTSZE	Psi McMahon V	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
TOPNDXA	Zeta Fredfordus VI	The planet's sky is a deep pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb2.gif
TORTUGA	Iota Bearthurus I	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
TOVHLWH	Omicron Milkius XI	The sky is a vivid green, speckled with puffy viridian-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
TOVRGKR	Alpha Dudebaddus XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive viridian.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
TPACYSG	Zeta Diggusduggus XI	The planet's sky is a dim green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
TPAMAAU	Mu Milkius VI	The sky is a vivid pink.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgaliena2.gif
TPDBXPL	Chi King XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive green, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	
TPERFEC	Sigma Reaganus VIII	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.			
TPFVQKH	Phi Dominatrix IX	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
TPGSHGV	Zeta Shannahan V	The planet's sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
TPNJXCL	Beta Goodman XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale maroon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif		
TPQEHIJ	Lambda Wallace II	The sky is a uniform orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif		
TPTKTKW	Sigma Bearthurus XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
TPVEXJG	Mu Symington IX	The sky is a bleached purple.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
TPVJOAU	Zeta Waldorfus I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
TQCHOKJ	Hippidipsus Khan IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala18.gif	
TQDFPTV	Chi Johnson V	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
TQEQJPK	Omega Gromulus II	The sky is a uniform blue, punctuated by mottled grey and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgaliena6.gif
TQHTISE	Sigma Blivebarkerus IV	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
TQILBUV	Rho Simon VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb8.gif
TQPGPZT	Beta McDonald IX	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	
TQRPOXS	Upsilon Cancerus III	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta11.gif		
TQSYRKD	Nu Yodeli VII	The sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		
TQUPOCO	Omicron Johnson III	The sky is a uniform red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
TQWWMSN	Pi Perambulus XI	The sky is a pale green, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
TQXOMDO	Mu Yodeli IV	The sky is a bright red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		
TRAKRKH	Phlebitis Clinton VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
TRANSEX	Conjunctivitus Stemple X	The sky is green fading into golden near the horizon, with a dense covering of viridian-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
TRDFVFK	Phlebitis Clinton VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgaliena9.gif
TREMOLO	Chi Gromulus VII	The sky is a vivid pink, punctuated by mottled pink and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb6.gif		
TRFLHUM	Kappa Bearthurus X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif		
TRITONE	Pi Goodman XI	The sky is a pale green, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	There are no moons visible.			
TRKHEBR	Yodeli Bush IV	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
TROIONE	Beta Haggard II	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
TROJCKP	Xi Waldorf XI	The sky is an oppressive olive, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb4.gif
TSAYTVE	Gamma Berry V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
TSGFCML	Upsilon Bob III	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of indigo-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
TSHVOZA	Theta Bellegrandus III	The planet's sky is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
TSLQUNL	Xi Peterson V	The sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
TSQDPAS	Upsilon Lepidopterus X	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
TSSRPYB	Paulreichus Huxtable XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive green, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
TSTADCO	Zeta Montague XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
TSXEERU	Crunkuli Shafer IV	The sky is a uniform pink, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgaliena9.gif
TSYQRSZ	Delta Taylor III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb4.gif
TTBCBCX	Beta Williams X	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb8.gif	
TTGEEYT	Chi Fritus VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala10.gif	
TTJTGHY	Alpha Stemple XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright azure.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
TTKMDGI	Upsilon Lee XI	The sky is salmon fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif		
TTLUXYQ	Chi Rodriguez VI	The planet's sky is a vivid azure, speckled with puffy black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
TTNUFND	Epsilon O'Sullivan I	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena4.gif
TTPESJM	Mu Perambulus VIII	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
TTTOUBV	Psi Crematorius VI	The sky is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.		sganimala2.gif	
TTUMGIF	Chi Garcia X	The planet's sky is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
TTVARBZ	Phi Brown V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
TTVQQCQ	Upsilon Brown XI	The sky is ochre fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif		
TTXXTOM	Gamma Milkius IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The sky is moonless.			
TTYLYZZ	Blivebarkerus Young XI	The planet's sky is a vivid olive.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.		sganimala17.gif	
TUFJAGG	Equipajus Wallace X	The planet's sky is a uniform green, and a chartreuse-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
TUGIFUA	Lepidopterus Black III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
TUGPVYU	Molotov Des Moines XI	The planet's sky is a pale green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
TUHPGDI	Pi Huxtable IX	The sky is an oppressive yellow, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
TUJBQTK	Unicornius Reynolds VII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala20.gif	
TULOKVC	Omicron Pelicanus III	The sky is a dim red, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta1.gif		
TUMBLER	Alpha Fustulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta3.gif		sgalienb2.gif
TUPFXDL	Pacmanicus Young II	The sky is black fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
TUPNXDP	Theta Harris I	The planet's sky is a dim orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
TUPRMRX	Xi Polepositioni XI	The sky is a dim green, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala12.gif	
TUQONAG	Epsilon Abbrevianus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		
TURRXWT	Epsilon Gromulus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.		sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
TURTLET	Discothecus Sanford IV	The sky is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgaliena9.gif
TURUCIA	Xi Nicholson I	The sky is a dim orange, dominated by a system of ultramarine-colored rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
TUUNXDC	Phi Durden IV	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
TUVNMGC	Psi Jones VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala8.gif	
TUXTUST	Pi Fritus II	The sky is a pale orange, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
TUXTUXT	Omicron Cooper IV	The sky is a hazy emerald, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
TUXTUXU	Zeta Sullivan XI	The planet's sky is a bleached crimson.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
TUXUUXT	Upsilon Shafer XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled blue-colored and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
TUXVUXT	Rho Cattusdoggus I	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
TUXWUXT	Upsilon Dudebaddus III	The sky is yellow fading into olive near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and brown-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	
TUXXUUT	Dyxichix Zevon IV	The sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
TUXXUVT	Chi Waldorf VI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb8.gif
TUXXUWT	Chi Anderson V	The planet's sky is a deep blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		sgaliena7.gif
TUXXUXT	Phi Misogynus I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
TUXXUYT	Iota Unicornius IV	The planet's sky is a uniform pink, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
TUXYUXT	Rho Reaganus XI	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
TVGNTXL	Trixrabbitus Symington VII	The sky is an oppressive blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
TVMMYTT	Pi Molotov II	The sky is a brilliant orange, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
TVVTKGK	Delta Doritus X	The sky above the horizon is a pale ruby, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
TWDSGJB	Iota Molotov VII	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue, and a puce-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta3.gif		
TWERSUW	Nu Zevon IX	The sky is a uniform yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
TWGQUEI	Sigma Billclintonus VIII	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif		sgalienb5.gif
TWHQPQU	Mu Haskell VIII	The sky is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
TWIRLYR	Alpha Perambulus VI	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
TWKECNS	Nu Paulson XI	The sky is a bright aquamarine.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
TWNWCHN	Chi Wallace I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
TWROBYG	Delta Dunn IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgaliena7.gif
TWTOLHQ							
TWWCIJZ	Phlebitis O'Kelly I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif		
TWXAXJK	Gamma Bob VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif		
TXARAEQ	Rho Anderson IX	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif		
TXCJJMM	Delta Corpulus VI	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgaliena1.gif
TXCSFNO	Perambulus Smith VI	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala18.gif	
TXMPCSM	Alpha Goldthwait VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif		sgaliena8.gif
TXNMHUM	Delta Bubblicius IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgaliena5.gif
TXXRNMQ	Iota Abbrevianus I	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
TYCECPQ	Nu Molotov III	The sky is a brilliant red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala9.gif	sgaliena5.gif
TYRICLX	Alpha Dudebaddus XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive viridian.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta10.gif		
TYTUIYF	Xi Diggusduggus XI	The sky is a dim auburn.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala3.gif	
TYXEKUA	Pi Milkius XI	The sky is a vivid golden, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
TZCJMZE	Iota O'Sullivan V	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, punctuated by mottled black and lavender-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
TZDPZDI	Cancerus DuPree IX	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
TZFKMXQ	Gamma Wallace II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
TZGNYHS	Mu Smith I	The sky is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta16.gif		
TZLJWOH	Eta Slobulus I	The planet's sky is a bright orange.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta3.gif		sgalienb2.gif
TZNVGFA	Omega Shafer V	The sky above the horizon is a deep green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
TZRVIBP	Crustulus Reagan X	The sky is a hazy scarlet, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.			
TZUFDMQ	Waldorfus Jones V	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
TZWSDJF	Mu Bearthurus XI	The sky is a brilliant green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
UAAAAAA	Chi Belvedere VII	The sky is a bleached yellow.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena3.gif
UAAJGVI	Mousketeerus O'Kelly V	The sky is a bleached pink, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
UAJYWFB	Polepositioni Jones VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.			
UALDLQC	Theta Mexicanus II	The planet's sky is a dim orange.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
UAMTLUJ	Gamma Easthouse X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb4.gif		
UAQERQM	Pi Madison IX	The sky is a dim yellow, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
UAUUQHS	Billclintonus Wallace V	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
UAVPQCE	Psi Crustulus II	The sky is a uniform red, with a dense covering of black-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgaliena5.gif
UAXZWKI	Crematorius White XI	The sky is a deep green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
UBBYFUV	Hippidipsus Noriega VI	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta19.gif		
UBGBQNT	Nu Slobulus X	The sky is a bright green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
UBGIDRB	Psi Smith II	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
UBGMRDQ	Humptydumptus Hernandez VI	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif		
UBHGAPG	Gamma Nicholson XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim turquoise.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb3.gif
UBSAMEO	Nu Allopecius VI	The sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb6.gif		sgalienb6.gif
UBWYUZQ	Lambda Noriega VIII	The sky is a hazy blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
UBZHTVY	Belletaco Reynolds II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
UCBCGJE	Sigma Cattusdoggus VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
UCEDIKV	Omicron Doritus XI	The sky is a pale green, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb6.gif		sgalienb6.gif
UCFIOPL	Theta Crunkuli X	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb6.gif
UCGMTFI	Chi Phlebitis V	The sky is emerald fading into green near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
UCGWUCL	Sigma Microscopius III	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
UCPXIKG	Xi Smith VIII	The sky is a uniform yellow, speckled with puffy periwinkle-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
UCUTLVB	Reaganus Draper XI	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta20.gif		sgalienb10.gif
UDHKQRL	Alpha Stemple VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
UDJPUCK	Eta Mexicanus III	The planet's sky is a dim red.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgaliena6.gif
UDOGHCD	Omicron Pacmanicus VI	The sky is a dim pink, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
UEEJZTA	Zeta Harrison VII	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.			
UEFSOKH	Upsilon Bananaramus V	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
UEHWYED	Gamma Garcia XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep violet.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.			
UEKUWEH	Kappa O'Kelly VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
UEQGKRE	Dudebaddus Johnson XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif		sgaliena9.gif
UESJZVD	Pelicanus Cooper X	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
UESQBNY	Kappa Trixrabbitus VIII	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
UFFJZTQ	Psi Billclintonus I	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
UFNOHZM	Omega Dickbutkus XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala11.gif	sgaliena6.gif
UFOQFJJ	Delta Nite IV	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc1.gif		sgalienb3.gif
UFTRJCU	Epsilon Reaganus VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta3.gif		sgalienb2.gif
UGFQKCS	Iota Clinton IX	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
UGINQNK	Gamma Lepidopterus I	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc2.gif	
UGKLJAQ	Rho Pannus X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
UGLZZFV	Kappa Lennon X	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow, dotted by occasional wispy sienna-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb7.gif	
UGNYNIL	Sigma Moore XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif		
UGOPPRT	Delta Meadows III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
UHDMUAQ	Bananaramus Mills IX	The sky is a bright yellow, speckled with puffy cerulean-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc3.gif		
UHJKNUM	Gamma Easthouse X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgaliena4.gif
UHLNOFG	Kappa Goldthwait IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, speckled with puffy black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
UHQRULD	Billclintonus Garfield I	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
UHVDKYY	Alpha Meadows IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala15.gif	
UIBHUHH	Bubblicius Shafer III	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
UICILVR	Paulreichus Taylor X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif		
UIFJTSD	Unicornius O'Sullivan VIII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
UIHNTLA	Tau King XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala5.gif	
UIMWOGX	Bubblewrapium Westinghouse V	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
UIOMUJY	Alpha Benedict V	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
UIQJAAD	Corpulus Brown III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb9.gif
UIQOUFB	Beta Fustulus V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
UITBMMQ	Blivebarkerus Capulet VIII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgaliena9.gif
UITHRBK	Epsilon Meadows VII	The sky above the horizon is a pale magenta, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
UIUJKGL	Omicron Phlebitis VIII	The sky is a hazy blue, speckled with puffy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
UIYLUYJ	Pi Bellegrandus VI	The sky is a brilliant blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgaliena5.gif
UJALTCJ	Scabrus Sanford VIII	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	
UJHWOOJ	Chi Belvedere I	The sky is a uniform blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
UJIRLYQ	Rho Slobulus VIII	The sky is olive fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb1.gif	
UJPZWLI	Lambda Discothecus IX	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala11.gif	
UJREWXC	Omicron Reaganus V	The sky is an oppressive pink, dominated by a system of ultramarine-colored rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc2.gif		
UJRICJB	Sigma Reaganus VIII	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		
UJRQXVK	Epsilon Martin IX	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow, punctuated by mottled pale orange and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
UJSUDNM	Lambda Davis IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala6.gif	
UJSYMYI	Eta Cromulus III	The planet's sky is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala1.gif	
UJXLYQQ	Gromulus Brooks VI	The sky is a pale blue, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb10.gif
UKBBDQB	Theta Young III	The planet's sky is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif		sgalienb3.gif
UKKGTDY	Misogynus Walker IV	The sky is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta19.gif		sgaliena10.gif
UKKYCHJ	Upsilon Leprus XI	The sky is navy fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala10.gif	
UKLNOSX	Xi Nelson XI	The sky is a pale green, with a dense covering of cerulean-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgaliena7.gif
UKLSKQJ	Unicornius Reynolds VII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb10.gif
UKLWHCC	Psi Benedict I	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
UKMFLTN	Gamma Blivebarkerus III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta12.gif		
UKVASUW	Lambda Goldthwait IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, dominated by a system of cream-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
UKZNXOK	Delta Unicornius II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif		sgaliena6.gif
ULIGBEU	Mu Harrison VIII	The sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta15.gif		
ULMHICH	Omicron Pacmanicus I	The sky is a dim orange, dominated by a system of pink rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta10.gif		
ULOEGWR	Perfunctus Hernandez VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
ULRNRBY	Zeta Reaganus XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
ULSYWRR	Alpha Dyxichix XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached black.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
ULTMGSE	Humptydumptus Capulet X	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
ULUEPVC	Epsilon Polepositioni III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb1.gif
ULWCXTA	Gamma Equipajus IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
ULXJRKM	Epsilon Cheetus X	The sky above the horizon is a pale green, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
UMBPHAC	Delta Belvedere VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
UMDVHVU	Gamma Zevon XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
UMGOIQL	Omega Lennon V	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of scarlet-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
UMHTRRQ	Psi Slobulus VII	The sky is a vivid orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.			
UMIPHBD	Perambulus Adams XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim green, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	There are no moons visible.			
UMQWLEV	Lambda Mousketeerus X	The sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif		sgaliena1.gif
UMUWWLT	Iota Gromulus III	The planet's sky is a bright red, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb5.gif
UMYLHFY	Sigma McCartney X	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb7.gif
UNCBQJD	Theta Mousketeerus II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
UNDYING	Upsilon Billclintonus V	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
UNGODLY	Theta Dickbutkus XI	The planet's sky is a uniform green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta10.gif		sgalienb5.gif
UNICORN	Mu Conjunctivitus VIII	The sky is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
UNKNOWN	Mu Belletaco X	The sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
UNMLSXZ	Omega Wilson I	The planet's sky is a uniform emerald.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif		
UNNHXMJ	Upsilon Pelicanus IV	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta4.gif		sgalienb2.gif
UNOTDEL	Blivebarkerus Peterson II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
UNQNQXQ	Gamma Goodman V	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, punctuated by mottled pale blue and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb4.gif	
UNUPGVV	Pacmanicus Shatner VI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	
UNYZDAA	Delta Allopecius XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta1.gif		
UODDJHM	Rho Salisbury IV	The sky is crimson fading into pink near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
UOKGXOM	Dominatrix Goodman II	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.		sganimala18.gif	
UOMDSPZ	Mexicanus Davis XI	The sky is green fading into emerald near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta20.gif		
UOQNLTR	Theta Thomas V	The planet's sky is a brilliant fuchsia.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
UOSHVHA	Omicron Blivebarkerus V	The sky is a brilliant pink, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta4.gif		sgalienb2.gif
UOSTCLT	Dickbutkus Nicholson IV	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
UOYJCQI	Delta Diverticulus IV	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala9.gif	
UPBYIWP	Hippidipsus Hernandez XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	
UPIUNYC	Beta Bubblicius IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala9.gif	
UPNPHWV	Beta White VIII	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
UPPREHI	Pi Stemple IX	The sky is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta15.gif		sgalienb8.gif
UPQWVDC	Eta Paulreiserus VII	The planet's sky is a deep mauve.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala12.gif	sgaliena6.gif
UPSILON	Pi Cattusdoggus XI	The sky is a uniform green, punctuated by mottled viridian-colored and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
UQGVDTV	Humptydumptus Washington VIII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta19.gif		
UQGWVXY	Chi Walker XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb3.gif		sgaliena3.gif
UQIQLEC	Theta Romero XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive cerulean.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif		sgaliena4.gif
UQKBLRR	Pi Hippidipsus IX	The sky is a dim yellow, dominated by a system of black rings.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
UQNLNWC	Yodeli Paulson VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.			
UQPNDOZ	Phi Madison IV	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of ultramarine-colored rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
UQRLNVF	Lambda Perfunctus IV	The planet's sky is a vivid emerald, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
UQSEROR	Rho Blivebarkerus XI	The sky is green fading into ruby near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
UQTWHGK	Lambda Pacmanicus V	The planet's sky is a dim pink, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb1.gif
UQWYNEE	Sigma Taylor X	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
URANIUM	Zeta Pennington V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala15.gif	
URDITVV	Psi Cancerus VIII	The planet's sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
URETHRA	Omicron Clinton V	The sky is a hazy pink, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif		
URHAZZV	Rho Brown II	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		
URINOUS	Delta Pelicanus VII	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, and a rose-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
URLEWFK	Iota Mousketeerus VI	The planet's sky is a bleached magenta, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		sgaliena6.gif
URPURHF	Rho Berry VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
URPVLSF	Eta Slobulus I	The planet's sky is a bright orange.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
URRZRZG	Upsilon Cheetus VI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb2.gif
URSINES	Humptydumptus Brooks XI	The sky is mustard fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.			
URYUEZV	Eta Saladus II	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta10.gif		
USEGKBR	Iota Bearthurus I	The planet's sky is a brilliant orange, with a dense covering of fuchsia-colored clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
USEMCCW	Eta Johnson VII	The planet's sky is a brilliant maroon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb4.gif
USKDIEF	Humptydumptus Nichols VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb9.gif	
USLITLU	Pi Lewis IV	The sky is a deep pink, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc3.gif		
USWVPXN	Omega Cardboardius IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta1.gif		
UTAMMAQ	Theta Jackson VII	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
UTEIQIV	Alpha Crunkuli II	The sky above the horizon is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgaliena2.gif
UTKEHYX	Omicron Abbrevianus VII	The sky is a hazy blue, punctuated by mottled yellow-colored and pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
UTOCYCO	Nu Brown XI	The sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
UTPFBPM	Zeta Harris I	The sky above the horizon is a deep aquamarine, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
UTPZZFC	Beta Brooks XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
UTQXAXH	Phi Rutgers VI	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
UTSLUMZ	Omicron Hernandez XI	The sky is a vivid green, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
UTUYSNF	Corpulus Brown VII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif		
UUGFGTJ	Dominatrix Symington III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached chartreuse.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
UUICHEF	Microscopius Berry XI	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
UULHCHV	Psi Saladus VIII	The sky is an oppressive olive.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgaliena6.gif
UUQSAMC	Alpha Martinez X	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb4.gif	
UUUBFIO	Abbrevianus Washington X	The sky is green fading into teal near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb9.gif
UUUUUUU	Iota Humptydumptus XI	The planet's sky is a bright viridian, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala12.gif	
UUXRXET	Iota Allen X	The planet's sky is a vivid green, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
UVAUQHV	Kappa Phlebitis VIII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb6.gif		sgalienb6.gif
UVFLTXZ	Beta Fredfordus IX	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.			
UVFNESC	Rho Bush XI	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
UVGYUXB	Sigma Taylor IX	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb7.gif
UVJBDLR	Omicron Jones VII	The sky is a uniform blue, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif		
UVKJTXS	Alpha Bearthurus XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala2.gif	
UVQCMIN	Zeta Corpulus VI	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
UVSGUSU	Upsilon Hippidipsus XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala11.gif	
UVTUPWO	Lambda White III	The planet's sky is a deep red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb8.gif
UVUJNQX	Goldthwait Sanford IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
UVWXYZA	Bearthurus Steadwick XI	The planet's sky is a bleached green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
UVWYNJQ	Tau Polepositioni IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala12.gif	
UVZPSED	Delta Pacmanicus VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena2.gif
UWDNCCM	Delta Meadows I	The sky above the horizon is a pale auburn, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
UWDRSWU	Kappa Polepositioni XI	The planet's sky is a dim green, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta9.gif		
UWEROFA	Eta Cattusdoggus IV	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
UWEZDPO	Mexicanus Hathaway I	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb9.gif
UWGWAZP	Tau Molotov XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta4.gif		
UWISIXB	Xi Wilson II	The sky is a brilliant orange, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala13.gif	
UWPSOHI	Psi Nelson I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red, punctuated by mottled pale orange and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
UWUIAQA	Eta McMahon IV	The planet's sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
UWUKCTK	Sigma Cooper III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		sgaliena7.gif
UWWBEIN	Alpha Stipe X	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
UWWDPBL	Omega Thomas VI	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.			
UWWJZKC	Psi O'Kelly III	The sky is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb3.gif
UWYFCEW	Rho Bubblicius X	The sky is cream fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The sky is moonless.			
UWYOAAF	Mousketeerus Buck III	The sky is a bright red, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
UXDTZWR	Pi Westinghouse XI	The sky is an oppressive golden, with a dense covering of black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb3.gif	
UXFFWYT	Beta Perambulus II	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc2.gif		sgaliena5.gif
UXIEAIA	Chi Fustulus II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, and a azure-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala1.gif	
UXIPFSX	Nu Slobulus II	The sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb2.gif		
UXNNVPG	Pacmanicus Smith VIII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb9.gif	
UXOUXKD	Pi Cardboardius XI	The sky is a uniform green, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
UXQYYPP	Lambda Noriega I	The sky is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
UXRNPEQ	Zeta Adams III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta8.gif		
UXTANOI	Nu Spitzner IV	The sky is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta16.gif		sgaliena8.gif
UXWAVEH	Psi Dickbutkus IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgaliena2.gif
UXXXOYY	Phlebitis Walker IV	The sky is red fading into turquoise near the horizon, and a chartreuse-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
UXYPPJN	Epsilon Pelicanus II	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala4.gif	
UYCNNRH	Kappa Microscopius XI	The planet's sky is a deep green, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
UYCRSFU	Gamma Allopecius V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif		sgaliena2.gif
UYFWDHO	Sigma Equipajus II	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
UYNABNX	Chi O'Reilly VI	The sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
UYNHKRP	Slobulus Durden X	The sky is a bright green, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
UYYLGAI	Upsilon O'Sullivan I	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.			sgaliena4.gif
UYZJVMW	Alpha Fritus VI	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta10.gif		
UZAIBDC	Omicron Cattusdoggus III	The sky is a uniform red, punctuated by mottled grey and brown-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
UZHTVJG	Tau Lee X	The sky is green fading into ultramarine near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
UZPYIAA	Trixrabbitus Nipperus III	The sky is a pale vermilion, punctuated by mottled navy-colored and white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgaliena10.gif
UZTIFPM	Alpha McCartney XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy indigo.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
UZVUFVN	Tau Polepositioni IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
VAAAAAA	Eta Crunkuli VII	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
VAGHVDB	Omicron Fredfordus VI	The sky is a deep pink, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
VAMLDWI	Epsilon Pennington VII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
VANESSA	Xi Goldthwait XI	The sky is an oppressive silver, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
VAOJSKR	Psi Dominatrix I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb1.gif	
VASSAPR	Pi Martinez I	The sky is a deep orange, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
VAUMMFE	Molotov O'Reilly XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
VAVBVCV	Rho Shafer XI	The sky is lavender fading into blue near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalc2.gif	
VBHGYTF	Alpha Pennington X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
VBJBGYD	Mu Cromulus IX	The sky is a bleached yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
VBNUJIZ	Paulreichus Nipperus V	The planet's sky is a bright pink, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala18.gif	sgaliena9.gif
VBQRCLK	Omicron Mousketeerus XI	The sky is a bleached green, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala12.gif	
VBVSPWU	Upsilon Humptydumptus XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled sepia-colored and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.			
VBVXCZI	Discothecus Taylor III	The sky is a brilliant cream.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgaliena9.gif
VBWGWHM	Delta Doritus XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale puce, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
VCQKUSH	Diverticulus Garcia XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
VCRMKID	Omega Fritus III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
VDAAXRQ	Beta Martin IV	The sky above the horizon is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif		
VDCTSXM	Discothecus Stemple V	The sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
VDMDUUM	Lambda Crustulus I	The sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta11.gif		
VDMLKHR	Bubblicius Lennon I	The sky is yellow fading into purple near the horizon, punctuated by mottled mustard-colored and pale blue clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta20.gif		
VDPGYGG	Mu Hernandez IX	The sky is a vivid yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala5.gif	
VDPQRVH	Lambda Conjunctivitus II	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	
VDQBSEH	Pi Cooper V	The sky is a hazy pink, dominated by a system of white-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb7.gif	
VDQIKVB	Alpha Scabrus II	The sky above the horizon is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
VDSGCDQ	Beta Pannus VII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
VDWOROT	Kappa Brown VI	The planet's sky is a brilliant pink, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	
VEEBTWX	Paulreiserus Clark XI	The planet's sky is a deep green, and a tan-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb10.gif
VEFXUXD	Chi Crustulus IV	The sky is a brilliant green, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
VEHTVQD	Omega Misogynus VI	The sky is a deep blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.		sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
VEKBTDS	Beta Slobulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright taupe.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
VELFRZJ	Alpha DuPree IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale puce.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgaliena7.gif
VEPNEAC	Omega Polepositioni I	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The sky is moonless.			
VERAGER	Belletaco Wilson IX	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow, punctuated by mottled orange-colored and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb10.gif
VEREJOV	Delta Capulet I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
VERISCA	Cardboardius Thompson IX	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
VERUXXE	Trixrabbitus Symington VII	The sky is an oppressive blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
VEUPHDR	Kappa O'Kelly VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
VEYSJCJ	Phi Pennington III	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled grey and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif		
VFFSEKG	Zeta Lepidopterus XI	The planet's sky is a pale green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
VFGSUBY	Kappa Mack V	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink, dominated by a system of cream-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.			
VFMTQZT	Pi Trixrabbitus IV	The sky is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy purple-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
VFYKJAZ	Diggusduggus Bush V	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
VFZGMEV	Lambda Polepositioni VIII	The planet's sky is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled white and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgaliena2.gif
VGBNQOB	Crematorius McDonald II	The sky is a uniform red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
VGOJWBA	Delta Mousketeerus IV	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red, punctuated by mottled pink and emerald-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
VGWSLFZ	Gamma Lennon VI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb8.gif	sgaliena8.gif
VGZIEKW	Zeta Durden IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
VHLDGAN	Theta Waldorfus VIII	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
VHRECYG	Eta Crustulus VII	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
VHRWBRF	Alpha Equipajus II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
VHZWLZI	Chi Jackson VII	The planet's sky is a vivid green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgaliena4.gif
VICIOUS	Pi Isaacson IV	The sky is a hazy pink, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala14.gif	
VICTYTV	Phlebitis Lewis XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif		
VIFIWWP	Lambda Waldorf IX	The sky is an oppressive yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
VIGAJUB	Beta Bananaramus IX	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
VIGIJBA	Delta Dickbutkus III	The sky above the horizon is a uniform red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.		sganimala2.gif	
VIHVHBH	Alpha Allopecius II	The sky above the horizon is a bleached orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala11.gif	sgaliena6.gif
VIHWQYG	Fustulus Cartwright X	The sky is a bleached green, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala19.gif	
VINEGAR	Psi Paulreichus III	The planet's sky is a pale pink, punctuated by mottled white and pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif		
VIOPYBR	Chi Fredfordus VII	The planet's sky is a bleached turquoise, punctuated by mottled white and puce-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
VISUBAN	Nu Mack VI	The sky is an oppressive blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala7.gif	
VJADQMA	Beta Shannahan II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
VJEHUHT	Xi Anderson VIII	The sky is a brilliant blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb3.gif
VJPIZCN	Chi Mills II	The sky is a pale mustard, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta7.gif		
VJPKZCK	Omicron Molotov IV	The sky is a brilliant red, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta3.gif		sgaliena2.gif
VJVHQUC	Kappa Khan X	The planet's sky is a vivid green, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
VKDYUEB	Kappa Molotov XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
VKFHJRY	Gronulus Brooks VIII	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala20.gif	
VKSORWR	Pi Hathaway XI	The sky is a bleached silver, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb8.gif		
VKTEMLD	Beta Pelicanus VII	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
VKXDVCU	Microscopius Rudd XI	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	There are no moons visible.			
VLAHTUJ	Bananaramus Lennon VIII	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and lavender-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
VLDQPIM	Tau Shatner XI	The sky is gray fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
VLGBQQG	Lambda Rodriguez I	The sky is a deep orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
VLIFYXI	Conjunctivitus North XI	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled burgundy-colored and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
VLUZTMI	Misogynus Stemple VII	The sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			
VLZPSKP	Omicron Huxtable I	The sky is an oppressive orange, punctuated by mottled pale blue and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
VLZSLQT	Phi Phlebitis I	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala2.gif	sgaliena1.gif
VMFUCCR	Zeta Waldorfus X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb2.gif		sgalienb2.gif
VMHINZW	Upsilon Nicholson V	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
VMLEOTS	Omicron Thompson III	The sky is a uniform red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb4.gif
VMOWROV	Omicron Yodeli IX	The sky is a bright pink, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
VMRPMIZ	Omicron Lee VIII	The sky is a deep blue, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
VMWZPAS	Upsilon Thompson II	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
VNAJTHV	Lambda Pacmanicus XI	The sky is a dim vermilion.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	
VNDLRYR	Mu Unicornius VIII	The sky is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
VNEGZKX	Epsilon Humptydumptus II	The sky above the horizon is a dim red, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta3.gif		
VNMPTEL	Xi Brown III	The sky is a brilliant red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
VNORMHN	Gamma Noriega IV	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
VNRXSUQ	Iota Bearthurus IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, dotted by occasional wispy maroon-colored clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
VNZMBSP	Delta Trixrabbitus IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.			
VOKUWOM	Omicron Milkius V	The sky is a vivid pink, dotted by occasional wispy maroon-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
VOLCANO	Phlebitis Martin XI	The sky is ruby fading into blue near the horizon, speckled with puffy orange-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif		sgaliena9.gif
VOOQPAM	Tau Pannus I	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
VOREAOH	Delta Harris I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange, with a dense covering of brown-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
VOTCDBV	Hippidipsus Shatner IV	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif		
VOTTATM	Theta Bellegrandus III	The planet's sky is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta11.gif		
VOVCCUH	Upsilon Humptydumptus II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
VOVOFXX	Delta Martin XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep purple, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
VOYAGER	Theta Thompson IV	The planet's sky is a deep pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
VPLJDZF	Kappa O'Reilly IX	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, dominated by a system of purple-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
VPNLWWJ	Sigma Diggusduggus V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The sky is moonless.			
VPPEMQF	Milkius Garfield I	The sky is a dim orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc3.gif		
VPPLVUM	Nu Symington VI	The sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif		
VPPRSLY	Gamma Rutgers VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright maroon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
VPTFEAO	Lambda Perfunctus III	The planet's sky is a vivid red, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala4.gif	
VPUPSMT	Nu Paulreichus IX	The sky is a deep yellow.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
VPUTGWM	Omicron Huxtable I	The sky is an oppressive orange, punctuated by mottled pale blue and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
VPVPKMS	Bubblewrapium Nelson IV	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala20.gif	sgaliena10.gif
VPZYMUW	Crunkuli Taylor III	The sky is a brilliant red, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
VQAOKUZ	Phi Unicornius XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
VQDOBXD	Hippidipsus Shatner IV	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala17.gif	
VQECERI	Nu Hathaway V	The sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
VQFQIYY	Rho Nichols VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.			
VQFQOEJ	Gamma Dunn XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
VQFQOJS	Upsilon Symington XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.			
VQIUSUS	Theta Meadows IV	The planet's sky is a pale red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
VQQNIJH	Beta Mack IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif		
VQSKABZ	Lambda Haskell IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive white, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb3.gif
VQYBYZJ	Zeta Unicornius II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, with a dense covering of puce-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif		sgalienb5.gif
VRGYMGD	Kappa Young VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb3.gif	
VRLNXEI	Epsilon Hamburguesus I	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
VRLTSJA	Nu Haskell I	The sky is an oppressive orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
VROJJZP	Hamburguesus Lennon V	The planet's sky is a hazy pink, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala19.gif	
VRQBYGI	Psi Hippidipsus X	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif		
VRSPPHK	Iota Crustulus IV	The planet's sky is a bright red, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb5.gif
VRVBGUX	Eta Westinghouse X	The planet's sky is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
VRVTKXE	Alpha Reagan I	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta5.gif		
VRYBBSC	Epsilon McDurkee XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
VRZGMAF	Alpha Washington III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
VSAMKCV	Kappa Montague XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive green, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala6.gif	
VSJRDLQ	Omega Anderson XI	The planet's sky is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc3.gif		sgalienb7.gif
VSQPNFO	Upsilon Symington V	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
VSRMYWW	Eta Thompson IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb7.gif	
VSUKMYO	Chi Jackson VII	The planet's sky is a vivid green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
VSVNAFQ	Pi O'Mally III	The sky is a vivid red, dotted by occasional wispy orange-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.			
VSWXQQD	Delta Hernandez VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
VSZBYJS	Omicron Paulreichus III	The sky is a deep red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta9.gif		sgaliena5.gif
VTCPLOW	Gamma Allopecius III	The sky above the horizon is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
VTGDXHF	Allopecius Easthouse II	The sky is an oppressive viridian.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
VTJZSYA	Zeta Smith II	The planet's sky is a pale orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
VTMTRGA	Theta Milkius IX	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta1.gif		
VTRRTNC	Omicron Belletaco II	The sky is a brilliant orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif		sgalienb5.gif
VUFLQMU	Belletaco North II	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange, and a tan-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
VUGGLEY	Sigma Garfunkel III	The sky is red fading into mustard near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif		
VUMXFPW	Tau Dickbutkus VIII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
VUOMXPR	Pi Garfunkel VII	The sky is a pale blue, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.			
VUVEJPU	Lambda Discothecus IX	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
VUXQNMT	Upsilon McNichols II	The sky is black fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala14.gif	
VVEIAFH	Microscopius Berry XI	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc3.gif		sgalienb9.gif
VVRYURG	Alpha Johnson VII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform violet.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
VVTOLKG	Omicron Berry XI	The sky is a bright cornflower, punctuated by mottled pale blue and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
VVTUMTZ	Dyxichix Washington XI	The sky is a dim rose.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		sgalienb10.gif
VVUBKZF	Omicron Milkius II	The sky is a vivid orange, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
VVVVVVV	Tau Bellegrandus V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
VVWYHGZ	Psi Crustulus VIII	The sky is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb1.gif
VWBIMAZ	Lambda Paulreiserus IV	The planet's sky is a deep red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb2.gif		sgalienb2.gif
VWBTJXS	Pi Fritus XI	The sky is a pale orange, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
VWDGVFD	Mousketeerus King IV	The sky is a vivid red, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala18.gif	
VWEWMOV	Rho Bubblicius II	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
VWGJGGT	Omega Pannus V	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
VWNCIGU	Beta Goodman XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale maroon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif		sgalienb8.gif
VWNOABL	Slobulus Black I	The sky is a hazy orange, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb10.gif
VWPLKNB	Alpha Saladus IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb2.gif
VWTYXJL	Pi Mexicanus VI	The sky is a dim blue, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb6.gif
VWXYZAB	Omega Dominatrix III	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
VXITQOO	Xi Steadwick XI	The sky is a bleached green, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
VXJGIOC	Kappa Paulreiserus II	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta3.gif		sgaliena2.gif
VXKHRSV	Zeta Peterson V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb4.gif		sgaliena4.gif
VXLGGPO	Kappa Microscopius XI	The planet's sky is a deep green, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala1.gif	
VXNTCES	Omega Wilson X	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb4.gif
VXOONBC	Tau Bellegrandus VI	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
VXPZQEJ	Nu Nicholson II	The sky is a dim orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		sgaliena8.gif
VXSCYRB	Polepositioni Franklin VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.			
VXSVREJ	Alpha Doritus IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
VXTTKPS	Eta Allopecius IX	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
VXUOXEE	Theta Khan V	The planet's sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta6.gif		
VXVLLSO	Bananaramus Stemple XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb10.gif	
VXWRMRY	Beta O'Mally VII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
VYBXIDN	Eta Cattusdoggus IX	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
VYEEFSP	Upsilon Romero VIII	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta6.gif		
VYELZFE	Sigma Crustulus X	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
VYJPATA	Epsilon Abbrevianus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		sgaliena1.gif
VYQUGJP	Phi Polepositioni VII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif		
VYTAVPD	Iota Young X	The planet's sky is a bleached ruby, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
VYUUKMY	Rho Black VII	The sky is maroon fading into orange near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
VYWDBOM	Phi O'Reilly XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb3.gif
VZAIFEM	Misogynus O'Sullivan X	The sky is a vivid salmon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
VZAYELQ	Xi Milkius II	The sky is a vivid orange, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
VZBXKKC	Delta Williams II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange, and a yellow-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
VZDWTHF	Zeta Taylor V	The planet's sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgaliena4.gif
VZGTVAF	Psi Garcia VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached green, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
VZIXMYD	Omega Garfield IV	The sky is blue fading into turquoise near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	
VZNIJXZ	Nu Harris IV	The sky is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala13.gif	
VZOYXKA	Mu Symington IV	The sky is a bleached pink.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb4.gif	
VZQBLOT	Chi Yodeli V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala10.gif	
VZTOLFM	Omicron Harris IX	The sky is a dim yellow, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala5.gif	
WAAAAAA	Theta Mack VI	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
WAFDBDZ	Theta Bellegrandus XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif		
WAIKZGH	Psi Pelicanus VIII	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala4.gif	
WAKQOKS	Delta Capulet I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb3.gif
WALDORF	Eta Goldthwait VI	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb2.gif		
WALLABY	Phi Garcia XI	The sky is crimson fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala13.gif	sgaliena7.gif
WAMQBYH	Omega Saladus VII	The sky is a vivid mustard.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
WANKERS	Psi Microscopius II	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
WANYKMF	Xi Des Moines IX	The sky is a pale yellow, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The sky is moonless.			
WAOASRZ	Lambda Lee I	The sky is a deep orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
WARBEAR	Nu Zevon III	The sky is a uniform red.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
WAVKQUI	Zeta Pelicanus VI	The planet's sky is a dim pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb2.gif
WAWCUVQ	Lambda Bush X	The planet's sky is a hazy green, dominated by a system of white rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
WAYIIVW	Delta Slobulus VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
WAZGSHJ	Omicron Nipperus IX	The sky is a bright yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
WBCPHYZ	Tau Stemple IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.		sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
WBDPPIK	Chi O'Kelly X	The sky is a dim orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
WBHTUAB	Fustulus Miller X	The sky is a brilliant green, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala20.gif	
WBIJMAH	Rho Perfunctus IV	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	There are no moons visible.			
WBSEGHW	Sigma Hippidipsus IV	The sky is viridian fading into pink near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
WBWWCGZ	Dudebaddus Cartwright I	The sky is a uniform green, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	
WCJBCUP	Theta Diggusduggus XI	The planet's sky is a dim lavender.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
WCPDPSH	Lambda Hippidipsus IX	The planet's sky is a dim yellow, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala4.gif	
WCQVKWT	Phi McMahon XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb3.gif	
WCSBQZD	Nu Symington XI	The sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
WDAQFXJ	Alpha Peterson XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgaliena4.gif
WDBMNLU	Xi Reaganus XI	The sky is an oppressive cerulean, and a cerulean-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
WDBTICY	Sigma Bearthurus XI	The sky is brown fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
WDDKMWJ	Rho Crustulus XI	The sky is indigo fading into brown near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
WDGIYMP	Zeta Fritus II	The planet's sky is a pale orange.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc2.gif	
WDHULJV	Omega Discothecus VIII	The sky is a bleached beige.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
WDMLSSJ	Alpha Robinson VI	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
WDNFRSV	Phi Thompson XI	The sky is burgundy fading into green near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
WDQUCXP	Eta Goldthwait III	The planet's sky is a brilliant red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb6.gif		
WEAMHYO	Nu Montague VIII	The sky is an oppressive ochre.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
WEASLEY	Alpha Nichols III	The sky above the horizon is a bright red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
WEEABOO	Nu Robinson II	The sky is a deep orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif		sgaliena3.gif
WEILTCU	Fredfordus Cartwright XI	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
WEIRDAL	Omega Misogynus VI	The sky is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
WEMTDTW	Xi Isaacson X	The sky is a hazy green, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb4.gif		
WEQAKKF	Beta Nelson I	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif		
WERWCKW	Pi Waldorfus IV	The sky is an oppressive red, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.		sganimala10.gif	
WESTLEY	Iota McMahon VI	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala15.gif	
WETTEST	Omicron Wilson IV	The sky is a brilliant red, dominated by a system of teal-colored rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
WEWTAEA	Iota Johnson X	The planet's sky is a uniform green, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc3.gif		sgalienb8.gif
WEXFNAE	Xi Nicholson X	The sky is a dim green, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
WFEGEFO	Lepidopterus Black XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy viridian, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif		
WFGBMHM	Billclintonus Jones XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala20.gif	
WFIJGDV	Nu Hamburguesus XI	The sky is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif		sgalienb2.gif
WFJFJID	Zeta Reagan IV	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
WFLXWMW	Delta Tyler VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
WFMQJMI	Theta Dudebaddus II	The planet's sky is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
WFNYIOP	Psi Noriega X	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
WFOWNNG	Iota Bob VIII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
WFUVKFV	Tau Pacmanicus VII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and silver-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.			
WGAMZYX	Nu Woodward IX	The sky is a bright yellow.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
WGCJDLH	Phi Microscopius V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, and a black-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif		sgalienb2.gif
WGKXVGO	Theta Gronulus XI	The planet's sky is a bleached scarlet.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
WGOVKFK	Lambda Lepidopterus IX	The planet's sky is a pale yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb2.gif	
WGPFKKM	Kappa Cancerus VII	The planet's sky is a deep blue, punctuated by mottled black and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
WGRIHZW	Sigma Martinez VII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
WGSWRLR	Phi Bubblicius III	The sky is magenta fading into green near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
WGWVTLN	Delta Stipe VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb4.gif	
WGXXXHG	Delta Fredfordus III	The sky above the horizon is a deep red, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgaliena2.gif
WGYUBCJ	Upsilon Woodward I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
WHATTHE	Cattusdoggus Jones VIII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
WHAVJAI	Gamma Dominatrix VIII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb2.gif	
WHAZZUP	Epsilon Crunkuli VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
WHCDWEK	Bubblicius Shafer III	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta19.gif		
WHEWRPB	Xi Microscopius III	The sky is a brilliant red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
WHGZRQQ	Fritus Nipperus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright periwinkle, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb9.gif
WHISKEY	Zeta Humptydumptus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta9.gif		sgalienb5.gif
WHMHFDO	Beta Bush III	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
WHWGGZT	Mu Bob II	The sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.			
WIADYGX	Phi Black VIII	The sky is blue fading into olive near the horizon, with a dense covering of indigo-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
WILDMAN	Gamma White VI	The sky above the horizon is a deep magenta, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb3.gif
WINDOWS	Cardboardius Martin III	The sky above the horizon is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
WIQZJPW	Delta Microscopius V	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink, speckled with puffy indigo-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The sky is moonless.			
WIYJZAD	Cattusdoggus Dunn X	The sky above the horizon is a pale salmon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb10.gif	
WJBOSYW	Xi Moore X	The sky is a brilliant green, dominated by a system of viridian-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
WJFEWGB	Nu Brown II	The sky is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalc2.gif	
WJGFHWC	Rho Blivebarkerus VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
WJHFQWQ	Xi O'Kelly IV	The sky is a bleached red, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
WJHGYIY	Iota Allopecius XI	The planet's sky is a bleached green, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
WJOLUND	Epsilon Trixrabbitus X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive ruby, dominated by a system of rose-colored rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb5.gif	
WJRFDIB	Psi Harris IX	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled ecru-colored and white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
WJRYKZW	Lambda Khan IX	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
WJZPQUW	Tau Moore IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
WKCSOEE	Lambda Cheetus V	The planet's sky is a pale pink, punctuated by mottled cream-colored and pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
WKJYEMN	Reaganus Draper XI	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
WKKIPMJ	Xi Des Moines IX	The sky is a pale yellow, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
WKOOPLF	Pi Waldorfus II	The sky is an oppressive orange, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif		sgalienb5.gif
WKSLESG	Nu Miller II	The sky is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
WKZSWFK	Theta King VII	The planet's sky is a vivid blue.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.			sgaliena3.gif
WLHHJPY	Upsilon Sullivan VI	The sky is pink fading into vermilion near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
WLIYOTA	Pacmanicus O'Sullivan VI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
WLMFMJH	Psi Crustulus II	The sky is a uniform red, with a dense covering of black-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb5.gif
WLQHPHB	Cromulus Haskell VI	The sky is an oppressive blue, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
WLYBJMH	Rho Reagan IV	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala5.gif	
WLYDRBE	Rho Cancerus VIII	The sky is blue fading into emerald near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb5.gif
WMHLISE	Eta Garcia VI	The planet's sky is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalc2.gif	
WMHLYXK	Iota Lewis XI	The planet's sky is a deep green, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
WMIEJUO	Gamma Anderson VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif		
WMIXQTI	Tau Slobulus X	The sky is violet fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
WMKPGMB	Diverticulus Miller V	The sky is pink fading into aquamarine near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
WMMVPMC	Pannus Durden III	The sky is red fading into magenta near the horizon, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
WMNLTZX	Alpha Bubblicius VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc2.gif	
WMSNDNS	Phi Mack II	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
WMZMRNC	Beta Perambulus VII	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
WNGBAWY	Eta Spitzner VII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala16.gif	
WNKRTLD	Chi Buck II	The sky is a pale pink, punctuated by mottled pale blue and golden-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
WNLBHNL	Sigma Bearthurus IX	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.			
WNOCMNU	Omega Garcia XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena3.gif
WNPTCGZ	Upsilon Pelicanus IV	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
WNWINXQ	Lambda O'Sullivan VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid olive, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.			
WNZPKKZ	Bubblicius Young V	The sky is an oppressive pink, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif		
WOEOIKA	Rho Jackson XI	The sky is scarlet fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
WOFADSF	Beta Nelson I	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
WOFIYEZ	Bubblicius Hall IX	The planet's sky is a bright yellow, with a dense covering of ruby-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
WOGFPBR	Epsilon Thompson XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep cream, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
WOJMAUM	Dickbutkus Thomas I	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
WOMVRDG	Omicron Paulreiserus III	The sky is a deep red, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
WOPWUPT	Theta Bananaramus II	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
WOQBQVV	Eta Montague VI	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb4.gif	sgaliena4.gif
WOQGZEU	Theta Harris II	The planet's sky is a deep blue.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb8.gif	
WOUTOBO	Pi Reaganus I	The sky is an oppressive orange, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala1.gif	
WOWCTPF	Rho Bubblicius X	The sky is cream fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
WOWGRUY	Linoleus Capulet IX	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
WOXIFIJ	Omicron Woodward X	The sky is a bright green, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala13.gif	
WOYUQQO	Nu North VIII	The sky is a hazy yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalc2.gif	sgaliena4.gif
WOZVBSK	Alpha Clinton VI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy magenta.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif		
WPFDMWA	Chi Gronulus III	The sky is a brilliant pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgaliena1.gif
WPJFTRJ	Chi Sanford VI	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb3.gif
WPPQKBN	Iota Abbrevianus VI	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb2.gif		
WPRDJPM	Alpha Durden IV	The sky above the horizon is a bright cream.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
WPSWTNX	Xi Taylor IX	The sky is a brilliant yellow, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb7.gif	
WQHYGXH	Delta Trixrabbitus IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb5.gif		
WQLIVHA	Lambda O'Sullivan XI	The sky is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
WQLOXXX	Hamburguesus Mott X	The planet's sky is an oppressive green, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif		
WRAITHS	Kappa Bearthurus X	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala10.gif	
WRCBIEG	Theta Fredfordus II	The planet's sky is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
WRCDWKY	Alpha O'Mally X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
WRDNYIY	Chi Fustulus VI	The sky is a vivid orange, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb1.gif		sgaliena1.gif
WRETODB	Rho Hippidipsus XI	The sky is magenta fading into maroon near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
WRLYGJI	Blivebarkerus Rutgers III	The planet's sky is a bright red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
WRQZKSH	Crunkuli Roosevelt IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
WRVRAUU	Diverticulus Brown VI	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc3.gif		
WSFSQAW	Upsilon Nichols VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
WSGBHVX	Rho Cancerus VIII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta10.gif		sgalienb5.gif
WSKAVZI	Eta Cattusdoggus V	The planet's sky is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
WSLIOPM	Sigma Jones III	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena7.gif
WSMSRYL	Pelicanus Harris III	The sky is cerulean fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc3.gif	
WSTRHKY	Zeta Young II	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.			
WSVAOYL	Psi Dudebaddus VII	The sky is a vivid red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		
WSXDCRX	Tau Slobulus X	The sky is violet fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
WSYBNDD	Tau Taylor VIII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
WTBLJSO	Chi Durden VIII	The sky is a bleached red, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The sky is moonless.			
WTCCHSA	Hamburguesus Johnson II	The planet's sky is a brilliant beige, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
WTEPJOF	Phi Dunn VIII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and mustard-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
WTIBUEA	Omicron Cartwright IV	The sky is a bleached red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb4.gif
WTMTVCT	Kappa Young VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid blue, and a rose-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala5.gif	
WTSMXBU	Abbrevianus Capulet IV	The sky is orange fading into black near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.			
WTVUJYP	Chi Fritus III	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
WTWYRMS	Sigma Franklin X	The sky is green fading into vermilion near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgaliena8.gif
WUIVNJY	Phi Mott III	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb8.gif
WUIWBOT	Xi White VII	The sky is a deep blue, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc3.gif		
WUKJBQY	Zeta Rodriguez VI	The planet's sky is a deep pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala14.gif	
WUWUGDO	Phi Steadwick III	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
WVIMPOC	Tau Goldthwait V	The sky is pink fading into navy near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala11.gif	
WVKEECA	Mu Fredfordus VIII	The sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
WVOJALH	Omicron Slobulus IX	The sky is a bright yellow, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
WVQATDE	Bubblicius Woodward XI	The sky is a dim orange, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
WVQFUQB	Sigma Steadwick III	The sky is chartreuse fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
WVWTSZY	Iota Garcia IX	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
WWBXVFO	Theta Harris I	The planet's sky is a dim orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb7.gif		sgaliena7.gif
WWCPIHT	Iota Bob VIII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif		sgalienb6.gif
WWFRGDB	Cheetus King XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
WWWWWWW	Phi Clark VIII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy beige-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
WWXKILY	Psi Pacmanicus VIII	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
WWXPNQZ	Beta O'Mally VII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb8.gif
WWYJWQF	Rho Diggusduggus III	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
WXABCXJ	Mu Diverticulus IX	The sky is a hazy yellow.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	
WXCLHEB	Lambda Allen IV	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala16.gif	
WXCNBQW	Crunkuli Reagan X	The sky is a hazy green, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
WXEYRGJ	Tau O'Reilly V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif		sgaliena4.gif
WXHIRUA	Lambda Reagan V	The sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.		sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
WXMTNHC	Pi Thompson X	The sky is a uniform green, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
WXOIYAH	Corpulus Stemple V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, punctuated by mottled pale orange and grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.			
WXPLUOQ	Upsilon Adams X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
WXXNQMQ	Sigma Equipajus VI	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
WXYZABC	Sigma Woodward II	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
WXZSCRE	Gamma Roosevelt I	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif		
WXZZGEP	Mu Lewis VIII	The sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta13.gif		
WYEMXEX	Tau Dominatrix VIII	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala12.gif	
WYHDCSN	Gamma Fritus III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
WYJTEXM	Eta Durden IV	The planet's sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala8.gif	
WYLAVRB	Unicornius Smith VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
WYMYAHX	Goldthwait Taylor VII	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta18.gif		
WYNQXGU	Upsilon McNichols II	The sky is black fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalc2.gif	
WYNVEWI	Eta Goodman VIII	The planet's sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala14.gif	
WYRQBSQ	Belletaco Nelson III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif		sgalienb10.gif
WYRVYHF	Mu Lewis VIII	The sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
WYUOOTA	Rho Disraeli III	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
WYVERNS	Pi Taylor IV	The sky is a dim pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif		
WYZAHBH	Phi Berry XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale blue and grey clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta14.gif		
WZEIQSD	Psi Crustulus XI	The sky is a hazy sepia, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
WZKRJEC	Xi Perambulus VII	The sky is a pale blue, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta1.gif		
WZRMEFZ	Mu Harris V	The sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala5.gif	
WZVHEZF	Saladus Peterson X	The sky is a bleached yellow.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif		
XAAAAAA	Dickbutkus Meadows IV	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
XAAYZZB	Iota Adams V	The planet's sky is a dim golden, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb3.gif
XADTCFJ	Omicron Jones III	The sky is a brilliant red, punctuated by mottled grey and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala15.gif	
XAOAMWT	Psi Blivebarkerus VI	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
XAOIRGH	Slobulus Disraeli XI	The sky is a vivid red, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb9.gif
XAOMTLN	Omega Pacmanicus VIII	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb1.gif	
XAQJIWM	Crustulus Nichols VII	The sky is a bright blue, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
XAWRFSA	Delta Cardboardius XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
XAXTOEI	Epsilon Nichols VII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta14.gif		
XBDLLVT	Lambda Symington XI	The planet's sky is a bleached periwinkle, dominated by a system of pink rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
XBKCPRM	Abbrevianus Madison VIII	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala17.gif	
XBOGBTA	Upsilon Young V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy salmon-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala16.gif	
XCCEGJF	Scabrus Lennon I	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, with a dense covering of white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
XCFRUNS	Beta Billclintonus XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy ecru.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	
XCGLKGI	Tau Jones VII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
XCHQDJC	Lambda Haggard I	The sky is a pale orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
XCMGQFI	Phi Johnson XI	The sky is green fading into navy near the horizon, dominated by a system of scarlet-colored rings.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif		
XCMXUIH	Theta Paulson IX	The planet's sky is a bright yellow.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		
XCTRAJH	Beta Mott X	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta14.gif		sgaliena7.gif
XCWFETB	Sigma Nite IV	The sky is red fading into indigo near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
XCYRTLQ	Perfunctus Montague III	The planet's sky is an oppressive red, dominated by a system of white rings.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala17.gif	sgaliena9.gif
XCYSQEI	Mu Haskell II	The sky is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
XCZTECU	Cattusdoggus Haskell IX	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalc3.gif	
XDDLZRZ	Tau Dudebaddus VII	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled rose-colored and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif		
XDFCLNZ	Phi Gromulus XI	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif		sgalienb5.gif
XDIFBRS	Discothecus Shafer X	The sky is a uniform green.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	
XDQUQDU	Epsilon Cheetus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb2.gif
XDSHMHT	Rho Smith V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
XDVQWVT	Sigma Isaacson V	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
XECQBQR	Delta Dickbutkus I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
XELAYAN	Rho Rodriguez I	The sky is orange fading into periwinkle near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif		sgaliena4.gif
XESWPXT	Upsilon Discothecus III	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
XEVAVOC	Nu Martinez I	The sky is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
XFETQRP	Eta Sanford IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
XFFPUFK	Sigma Dudebaddus I	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
XFMXWVA	Psi Lepidopterus X	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		
XFOIXNU	Delta Crematorius VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue, punctuated by mottled grey and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
XFRYLWS	Rho Waldorfus V	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb2.gif		
XFTNAEL	Theta Diverticulus IX	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala10.gif	sgaliena5.gif
XGCBHEC	Delta McMahon X	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow, speckled with puffy ruby-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.			
XGCCTMZ	Epsilon Gronulus V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
XGFWFII	Omicron Davis X	The sky is a brilliant green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.		sganimala6.gif	
XGIJAPR	Phi Discothecus IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta9.gif		sgalienb5.gif
XGILHZJ	Theta Mills XI	The planet's sky is a bright rose.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
XGLUQZW	Sigma Durden XI	The sky is green fading into viridian near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
XGSERUO	Pi Equipajus XI	The sky is a vivid ecru, dominated by a system of white rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three small moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb6.gif
XGSZMXX	Chi Paulreiserus III	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		
XGVIRSK	Sigma McCartney X	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif		sgaliena7.gif
XGYPKSW	Dyxichix Westinghouse X	The sky is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
XGYWLUT	Omicron Hernandez XI	The sky is a vivid green, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta15.gif		
XHAOCVW	Chi Pennington IV	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
XHENVSM	Nu Thompson III	The sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala6.gif	sgaliena3.gif
XHGRFKB	Perambulus Salisbury XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green, punctuated by mottled grey and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
XHKRFVG	Psi Easthouse VI	The planet's sky is a hazy pink, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
XHMHKKB	Kappa Pannus VIII	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.			
XHNQMRI	Kappa Cardboardius XI	The planet's sky is a uniform green, punctuated by mottled pale orange and cream-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
XIAQIZD	Zeta King IX	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta8.gif		
XICVGZW	Phi Jackson IV	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif		sgaliena4.gif
XIGDWNW	Lambda Westinghouse I	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
XIGGSQG	Psi Westinghouse III	The sky above the horizon is a bright green, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgaliena8.gif
XIOQDQT	Beta Nite VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala8.gif	
XIQGYAB	Crematorius Harris XI	The sky is a dim teal.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc3.gif		sgalienb9.gif
XISGZXU	Sigma Stemple III	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
XIUWGCK	Alpha Billclintonus XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
XIWVTVR	Omicron Equipajus VI	The sky is a vivid blue, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala1.gif	
XIYXPAY	Zeta Young II	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.		sganimala6.gif	
XJFDEQS	Tau Cheetus VII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
XJGGMFG	Omega Bubblewrapium IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
XJGZDYN	Xi Cromulus VI	The sky is a bleached blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.		sganimala4.gif	
XJIRNZA	Kappa Williams XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
XJKSZJS	Beta Gronulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb5.gif	
XJLTJJB	Eta Reagan XI	The planet's sky is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala8.gif	
XJPPRBM	Dominatrix Garfield IX	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two gaseous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		
XJRJEIV	Gamma Leprus I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.		sganimala2.gif	
XJSMSEU	Xi Cattusdoggus VI	The sky is a uniform pink, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		sgalienb6.gif
XJTMTOK	Eta King VI	The planet's sky is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif		
XJXBQNF	Zeta Paulreichus X	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta3.gif		sgalienb2.gif
XKGBZBZ	Theta Fredfordus III	The planet's sky is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb6.gif
XKJZEJP	Lambda Davis IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant red, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
XKLXWBL	Rho Rudd III	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala5.gif	
XKOSHKY	Eta Meadows V	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta16.gif		
XKOTRGK	Cheetus Dunn II	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange, punctuated by mottled white and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		sgalienb10.gif
XKYGRBR	Paulreiserus Dunn VIII	The planet's sky is a pale blue, with a dense covering of turquoise-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
XLBUPIT	Perfunctus Walker VI	The planet's sky is a deep pink, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
XLFWJNA	Rho Bush XI	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
XLJYMOG	Omega Clinton IV	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	There are no moons visible.			
XLNXPBG	Delta Moore IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
XLOCQGO	Tau Lee VII	The sky is navy fading into green near the horizon, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
XLOKERS	Tau Discothecus VII	The sky is blue fading into aquamarine near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif		
XLQQGQT	Phi Microscopius II	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb1.gif
XLUBPWF	Omega Waldorfus II	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta3.gif		sgalienb2.gif
XMCUCJP	Rho Pannus XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala2.gif	
XMDQLGR	Theta Sullivan I	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta13.gif		sgaliena7.gif
XMDTLDV	Epsilon Reaganus VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena2.gif
XMFHXVH	Tau Wallace X	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala7.gif	
XMNCUTO	Cheetus Roosevelt IV	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
XMNIIQY	Psi Thompson VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
XMNZFHW	Mu Hall X	The sky is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
XMXDNZF	Nu Nelson X	The sky is a pale green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
XMXVKKL	Psi Perfunctus VII	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	
XNGXGIN	Beta Goodman XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale maroon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
XNLIKUK	Lambda Mott V	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
XNLTJOW	Xi Hamburguesus X	The sky is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif		
XNPEVOF	Lambda Nicholson VI	The planet's sky is a dim lavender, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
XNPJMNA	Sigma Nelson XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
XNPWVAF	Alpha Brown VIII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif		
XNTTKLG	Iota Bubblewrapium VI	The planet's sky is a uniform viridian, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
XOFGQAJ	Gamma Jackson VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc2.gif	
XOGHMQH	Upsilon Gronulus XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.			
XOIOIRO	Delta Young VII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached mauve, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	There are no moons visible.			
XOKECUX	Epsilon Franklin X	The sky above the horizon is a dim green, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		sgalienb4.gif
XONHSLA	Iota Trixrabbitus II	The planet's sky is an oppressive orange, punctuated by mottled white and fuchsia-colored clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
XONPMWV	Rho Reynolds VIII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
XOPHWAV	Psi Milkius IX	The sky is a bright blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
XOPTRYO	Xi Noriega VIII	The sky is a hazy blue, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
XOTIASX	Mu Fustulus VI	The sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta1.gif		
XOXOXOX	Iota Unicornius I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange, punctuated by mottled pale blue and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.		sganimala1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
XOYQSTA	Iota Des Moines IX	The planet's sky is a pale yellow, dotted by occasional wispy beige-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
XPBZCRU	Eta Stemple XI	The planet's sky is a bright gray.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
XPEECTR	Dominatrix Garfield V	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
XPFDNJW	Tau Slobulus VI	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
XPJOOIY	Pi Lewis IV	The sky is a deep pink, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
XPJROYF	Alpha Dickbutkus III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
XPKWSAS	Beta Wilson XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
XPQJGTU	Gamma Thompson XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform indigo.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala14.gif	
XPQTTCE	Delta Lepidopterus VI	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
XPQUHBL	Perfunctus Madison XI	The planet's sky is a dim green, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
XQDUVRY	Upsilon Discothecus III	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalc1.gif	
XQGNCAB	Tau Symington X	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
XQGSGIB	Equipajus Capulet VIII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, punctuated by mottled white and ecru-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
XQGUWNL	Nu Bearthurus IV	The sky is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb2.gif
XQHTMVJ	Kappa DuPree X	The planet's sky is a pale green, punctuated by mottled pale blue and white clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
XQHXAKT	Kappa Hamburguesus III	The planet's sky is a vivid red, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
XQQUQPP	Epsilon Shatner IV	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.			sgaliena7.gif
XQWDJCC	Beta Misogynus V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
XQWVNTC	Zeta Dudebaddus VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue, dominated by a system of black rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.			
XQXMVSW	Pi Doritus VII	The sky is a pale blue, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala11.gif	
XQYRPVP	Nu Simon VIII	The sky is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.			
XRBGJUV	Lambda Perambulus IV	The planet's sky is a pale red, dominated by a system of white rings.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
XRBLDYI	Zeta Stemple IV	The planet's sky is a bright pink.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb8.gif
XRBYWCN	Psi O'Mally IX	The sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
XRFYZUG	Alpha Mousketeerus VI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb6.gif
XRPSTAF	Tau Gronulus II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy navy-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.		sganimala9.gif	
XRPTORI	Pi Mott VII	The sky is an oppressive blue, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
XRRJGDC	Kappa DuPree VIII	The planet's sky is a pale yellow, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb3.gif	
XRVXIIG	Gamma Garfield I	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif		sgaliena4.gif
XSEAETO	Mu Dyxichix X	The sky is a bleached green.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif		sgaliena5.gif
XSNDDBR	Epsilon Fustulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright ultramarine, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	
XSROZSO	Upsilon Cardboardius XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled gray-colored and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
XSSQSLJ	Tau Goldthwait IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb3.gif		sgalienb3.gif
XSTWJRU	Lambda Paulreichus V	The planet's sky is a deep pink, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
XSUDYOE	Delta Cartwright VII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
XSUFHKF	Gromulus Noriega VII	The sky is a hazy navy, dominated by a system of grey rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala20.gif	
XSWNBGL	Crunkuli Robinson III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb9.gif	
XTPGFHO	Psi Goldthwait X	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
XTQDWEE	Eta Woodward II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif		sgalienb8.gif
XTVNMRN	Mu Pelicanus II	The sky is a dim orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgaliena1.gif
XTXWIFQ	Bubblewrapium Nichols VIII	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb10.gif	
XUAEFFZ	Iota Waldorf X	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, with a dense covering of viridian-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala14.gif	
XUGJIMF	Lambda Hamburguesus XI	The sky is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.			
XUGSOAT	Sigma McDurkee II	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
XUHFXPV	Mu Benedict IX	The sky is a dim yellow.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgaliena7.gif
XUHIYNJ	Kappa Fredfordus VIII	The planet's sky is a deep yellow, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb1.gif
XUHPKDW	Phi Miller VIII	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
XUIUWVH	Pi Nite VIII	The sky is a bleached yellow, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
XUKTQNQ	Molotov Lewis III	The planet's sky is a deep red.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
XUNDCUB	Rho Romero VI	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
XUNJAPZ	Eta Mousketeerus II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala4.gif	
XWJYJXG	Iota Fritus VI	The planet's sky is a pale pink, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
XWLEJGF	Omega Cattusdoggus XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			sgalienb2.gif
XWMFBVV	Gronulus Tyler III	The sky is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
XWNICTX	Tau Peterson XI	The sky is mauve fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
XWNVZEM	Fritus Rudd VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	sgaliena9.gif
XWSAGRV	Hamburguesus King VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb10.gif
XWUWZDG	Sigma Sullivan XI	The sky is taupe fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.		sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
XWZORXS	Phi Equipajus II	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif		
XXDUANJ	Alpha Billclintonus XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.			
XXRSHKV	Sigma Mousketeerus VI	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
XXXPRON	Bellegrandus Garfunkel XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalc3.gif	
XXXXXXX	Crunkuli Sanford IX	The sky is an oppressive yellow, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb10.gif		sgalienb10.gif
XXZTSAC	Omicron Stipe XI	The sky is a bright green, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	
XYBZBYO	Kappa King V	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
XYEVTYG	Crematorius Reynolds III	The sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgaliena9.gif
XYGHDBK	Xi Pacmanicus II	The sky is a dim red, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		sgaliena6.gif
XYGRXUB	Nu Pannus VI	The sky is a hazy blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
XYQNGSO	Xi Gromulus IV	The sky is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif		sgalienb6.gif
XYVELFU	Chi Roosevelt XI	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif		
XYYDBEJ	Theta Madison VIII	The planet's sky is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
XYYPEEE	Bearthurus O'Sullivan I	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
XYZABCD	Omega Fritus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached silver, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
XYZYOFJ	Tau Fustulus VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
XZATZES	Omicron Microscopius VII	The sky is a brilliant blue, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc2.gif		
XZCHSTJ	Linoleus Durden VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
XZHEMPY	Mu Hippidipsus III	The sky is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
XZORCSW	Theta Fredfordus X	The planet's sky is a deep green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgaliena5.gif
XZQPBCQ	Misogynus Brooks IX	The sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
YAAAAAA	Chi Lewis IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant pink, punctuated by mottled black and pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc3.gif		sgalienb8.gif
YADMDBI	Mu Microscopius IX	The sky is a brilliant yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb2.gif	
YAMYPLV	Omicron Abbrevianus VII	The sky is a hazy blue, punctuated by mottled yellow-colored and pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
YAOLGDU	Xi Crunkuli II	The sky is a bright orange, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala11.gif	
YAOSYIX	Lambda Goldthwait IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, dominated by a system of cream-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
YARBLES	Phi Wilson VIII	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
YASKPAD	Cardboardius Thompson IX	The sky above the horizon is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
YAWHXUZ	Alpha Goldthwait II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala10.gif	
YAXCFYI	Pi Goldthwait III	The sky is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
YAYJICK	Tau Unicornius III	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, dominated by a system of black rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
YBAREIG	Psi Nichols I	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
YBDXIVT	Omega Draper II	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala8.gif	
YBHUCRJ	Phi Thompson IX	The sky is yellow fading into teal near the horizon, punctuated by mottled yellow-colored and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
YBKCHYR	Rho Milkius V	The sky is pink fading into golden near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta11.gif		sgalienb6.gif
YBPRWJK	Chi Dyxichix I	The sky is a uniform golden.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc2.gif		
YBQNPAO	Tau Paulreiserus II	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala3.gif	
YBWMIWK	Upsilon Symington XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala16.gif	
YCBNJRM	Paulreichus Berry VI	The planet's sky is a bright magenta, and a cornflower-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	sgalienb10.gif
YCHCIRC	Phi Miller I	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgaliena3.gif
YCHHISJ	Alpha Waldorfus XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive viridian.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala1.gif	
YCLAWNT	Lambda Taylor VIII	The sky is a dim yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb7.gif	
YCNDGWT	Nu Pelicanus V	The sky is a dim gray.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif		sgalienb5.gif
YCRQPOE	Chi Crunkuli X	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta4.gif		sgaliena2.gif
YCRUOLC	Omicron Cromulus III	The sky is a bleached red, punctuated by mottled tan-colored and grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgaliena2.gif
YCTVAOJ	Upsilon Lepidopterus X	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb5.gif
YCVOTHJ	Pi Madison II	The sky is a dim orange, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
YCZQPLO	Phlebitis O'Kelly I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
YDCNWBV	Mu Thompson VII	The sky is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala15.gif	
YDEXWYY	Epsilon Brooks IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
YDFATXM	Diggusduggus Pennington IV	The sky is red fading into fuchsia near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
YDJICGJ	Delta Unicornius IX	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta11.gif		
YDJICMB	Alpha Allen VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
YDKLBMC	Bananaramus Rutgers VII	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		
YDXKCNJ	Kappa Adams XI	The planet's sky is a dim green, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
YDXSDHO	Nu Saladus III	The sky is a vivid red.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala11.gif	sgaliena6.gif
YECHQZM	Perambulus Anderson VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
YECJVJA	Delta Conjunctivitus I	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange, punctuated by mottled cornflower-colored and pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta3.gif		sgalienb2.gif
YEDNLUU	Beta O'Sullivan V	The sky above the horizon is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
YEJWTSY	Nu Cheetus II	The sky is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta9.gif		
YEKIEMO	Theta Taylor IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
YELLOWS	Delta Benedict VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif		
YESSSSS	Alpha Polepositioni IX	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala4.gif	
YEUIGLG	Linoleus Brown XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala18.gif	
YEVPYDN	Psi Fustulus I	The sky is a uniform orange, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc2.gif		
YFAOMHC	Goldthwait Shafer IV	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
YFAZJHJ	Theta Dominatrix IV	The planet's sky is a uniform pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgalienb1.gif
YFFZGAU	Gronulus Pennington III	The sky is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.			
YFHBBHN	Delta Belvedere XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached violet, punctuated by mottled black and beige-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		sgaliena3.gif
YFIVRLV	Xi Durden III	The sky is a bright red, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
YFSEWCQ	Mu Bananaramus IX	The sky is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
YFSGVSE	Phi Abbrevianus XI	The sky is taupe fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	
YGAWEMO	Pi Stemple XI	The sky is a bright green, punctuated by mottled yellow-colored and pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
YGDOATP	Iota Allen IX	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
YGLVCDU	Kappa O'Kelly VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgaliena7.gif
YGMSYFQ	Gamma Crunkuli IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb1.gif		
YGMWZCS	Cromulus Shatner X	The sky is a vivid green, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
YGNCFDP	Iota Nite V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.			
YGOTGZZ	Chi Leprus III	The planet's sky is a brilliant pink.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalc1.gif	
YGRCUFT	Leprus Capulet IV	The planet's sky is an oppressive red, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb10.gif
YGSUUYG	Mexicanus Pennington V	The sky is pink fading into indigo near the horizon, with a dense covering of black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb9.gif	
YGTNUIP	Upsilon Roosevelt VIII	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb3.gif
YGWTLKW	Bearthurus Thomas XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant cerulean.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgaliena9.gif
YGXUGOQ	Fustulus Stemple III	The sky is a bright red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
YGYBVRK	Beta Roosevelt III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif		
YHCIKNL	Sigma Bananaramus VII	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
YHKJOJI	Omega Des Moines V	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
YHQHQHL	Tau Smith IX	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgaliena8.gif
YHVQQAF	Nu Harris VIII	The sky is a dim blue.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
YHYWFVK	Zeta McDurkee III	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
YIFDRRN	Upsilon Benedict VIII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	Three gibbous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
YIFJCII	Tau Paulreichus I	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta1.gif		
YIGLHJL	Bubblicius Brown XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
YIJLCWT	Dominatrix Tyler I	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
YILYEVO	Epsilon Lepidopterus IX	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
YIMTSVK	Iota Waldorfus IX	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow, speckled with puffy black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.			
YITBCPQ	Zeta Diverticulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.			
YIUFHPU	Dominatrix Goodman II	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
YIUTOKH	Cardboardius Disraeli X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta20.gif		sgalienb10.gif
YIYOSYM	Delta Mousketeerus VII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala3.gif	sgaliena2.gif
YIZSSQV	Eta Moore IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant red.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalc3.gif	
YJGDAJM	Upsilon Bearthurus IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
YJIGWPS	Bubblicius Hall IX	The planet's sky is a bright yellow, with a dense covering of ruby-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	
YJKYVBN	Tau Unicornius VIII	The sky is blue fading into gray near the horizon, with a dense covering of red-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala12.gif	
YJPUDFL	Upsilon Shatner IV	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala7.gif	sgaliena4.gif
YJVVXKU	Nu Diggusduggus II	The sky is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	
YKCWGOX	Lambda Goldthwait VII	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue, punctuated by mottled aquamarine-colored and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single small moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
YKQWWFL	Rho Rudd II	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
YLHBYAQ	Nu Billclintonus VII	The sky is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb6.gif
YLHFJCN	Paulreiserus Brooks IX	The planet's sky is a pale puce, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.			
YLJVOCN	Upsilon Paulreiserus XI	The sky is silver fading into amber near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb5.gif		
YLRGPZO	Nu Slobulus II	The sky is a bright orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta4.gif		
YLVMSNZ	Nu Harris IV	The sky is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
YLXACQB	Fredfordus Khan IV	The planet's sky is a vivid red, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
YLXLPRY	Upsilon Martin X	The sky is ruby fading into olive near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb7.gif
YLYJNTI	Theta Doritus XI	The planet's sky is a pale puce.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta2.gif		sgalienb1.gif
YMEKDCX	Delta Crustulus VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, punctuated by mottled red-colored and scarlet-colored clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
YMGUKED	Mu Paulson XI	The sky is a bright green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.			
YMLHHNQ	Billclintonus O'Mally XI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
YMLMFFT	Chi Bush XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
YMPTVQT	Nu Taylor VIII	The sky is a dim yellow.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala16.gif	
YMRJRTI	Chi Bubblicius III	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive vermilion, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala12.gif	
YMWNMRQ	Eta Misogynus X	The planet's sky is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
YMYVOBR	Upsilon Diverticulus II	The sky is brown fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
YNARWSA	Tau Perambulus I	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala4.gif	
YNNPYRJ	Psi Woodward X	The sky is a dim red, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
YNNYIDE	Molotov Franklin IX	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.		sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
YNOXCPY	Kappa Polepositioni IX	The planet's sky is a dim yellow, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
YNQIZNU	Xi Pannus I	The sky is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb2.gif
YNRKQPA	Beta Humptydumptus X	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala10.gif	
YNUKYKE	Chi Equipajus VII	The planet's sky is a bleached green, speckled with puffy white-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
YOAOVLA	Omicron Clinton V	The sky is a hazy pink, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif		
YODBVRU	Alpha O'Mally X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
YOFNZAS	Beta Franklin X	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala7.gif	sgaliena4.gif
YOFSLQB	Bananaramus Garfield VII	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta18.gif		sgalienb9.gif
YOGHURT	Kappa Clark VI	The planet's sky is a deep blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb7.gif	
YOISKYL	Gamma Waldorfus XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive green.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta3.gif		sgaliena2.gif
YOTSUBA	Beta Stemple III	The sky above the horizon is a bright red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
YOUPORN	Epsilon Sanford VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow, punctuated by mottled turquoise-colored and pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
YOUSUCK	Phi White IV	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
YOYOYOS	Omega Cardboardius IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
YPAXGQC	Rho Reagan IV	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
YPCODRF	Chi Garfunkel VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
YPCVIIK	Lambda Harris V	The planet's sky is a dim pink, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta6.gif		
YPKSZZH	Phi Dickbutkus VII	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb1.gif		
YPMPDLW	Lambda Roosevelt XI	The planet's sky is a dim olive, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
YPMQBMM	Mousketeerus McCartney V	The sky is a hazy pink, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb9.gif
YPNHIUT	Gronulus Hathaway XI	The sky is a bleached silver.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
YPQXXPB	Kappa McDonald I	The planet's sky is a uniform amber, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb7.gif	sgaliena7.gif
YPSWBVF	Theta Fustulus III	The planet's sky is a bright cornflower.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala12.gif	sgalienb6.gif
YPVIKWB	Corpulus Sullivan XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, punctuated by mottled pink and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
YPYXASA	Reaganus Goodman V	The sky above the horizon is a deep green, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif		sgaliena9.gif
YQFGCYV	Lambda Shafer I	The planet's sky is a uniform orange, punctuated by mottled vermilion-colored and pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
YQGKWEL	Omicron Slobulus VIII	The sky is a bright blue, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgaliena5.gif
YQHMFOG	Delta Hathaway IX	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, speckled with puffy mustard-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
YQLKHKG	Upsilon Woodward I	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala13.gif	
YQMSCFV	Xi Lee VI	The sky is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.			
YQOPEWR	Crustulus Martinez X	The sky is a deep green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
YQVLFOM	Iota Crustulus IV	The planet's sky is a bright red, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgaliena5.gif
YQXFPJG	Tau Nipperus IX	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
YQXVMOQ	Omega Mousketeerus XI	The sky is a hazy red, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
YRCTIEM	Nu Pacmanicus VII	The sky is a dim blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimala11.gif	sgalienb6.gif
YRKAHGS	Epsilon Pelicanus V	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, speckled with puffy yellow-colored clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
YRXSEQC	Alpha Anderson VIII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalc1.gif	
YRYJOUB	Alpha Jackson IX	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
YSCVJFW	Upsilon Nichols VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
YSDKMOB	Theta Hamburguesus XI	The planet's sky is a vivid scarlet.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
YSOOBUB	Delta Williams II	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange, and a yellow-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb7.gif		
YSSEFBD	Eta Wilson VIII	The planet's sky is a brilliant blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
YSWDNMU	Omega Smith IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The sky is moonless.			
YSWWDIS	Rho Mousketeerus XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb5.gif	
YSZIOLO	Eta Goodman VIII	The planet's sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif		sgaliena7.gif
YTCRGBY	Psi Lewis XI	The planet's sky is a hazy orange, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
YTIDMVE	Beta Dominatrix XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
YTPDQMS	Alpha Dickbutkus III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
YTPULIT	Chi Hernandez IX	The planet's sky is a bright red, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
YTQRYLC	Alpha Bubblewrapium I	The sky above the horizon is a uniform orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala3.gif	
YTTRIUM	Beta Equipajus XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid crimson.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
YUXNBYK	Pi Des Moines VII	The sky is a pale blue, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		
YVCMPFO	Mu Martin IX	The sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
YVFMJHK	Nu Cromulus V	The sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	There are no moons visible.			
YVFMXKO	Omicron Durden I	The sky is a bright orange, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala8.gif	
YVLDYLP	Omicron Durden I	The sky is a bright orange, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala8.gif	
YVULVIW	Rho Leprus VIII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
YWAZPFH	Mu Mills IV	The sky is a bright red.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgaliena4.gif
YWGCCRU	Tau Black VII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb7.gif
YWIHIAL	Delta Spitzner XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, punctuated by mottled black and pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala7.gif	
YWKTYUL	Iota Pacmanicus V	The planet's sky is a dim pink, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A medium-sized moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
YWOFLGR	Xi Pannus I	The sky is a hazy orange, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.			sgalienb2.gif
YWRDVDR	Sigma Cheetus IV	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.			
YWRJPHU	Crematorius Washington VII	The sky is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
YWUCTZF	Unicornius Harrison II	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala17.gif	
YWUXTKW	Phi McDonald II	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
YXAJLPB	Hippidipsus Smith VIII	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgaliena10.gif
YXCTXOU	Lepidopterus Stemple VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
YXFLWBJ	Nu Haskell I	The sky is an oppressive orange.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena4.gif
YXIHABG	Lambda Mott I	The sky is an oppressive orange.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
YXNSVMV	Lambda Black XI	The planet's sky is a hazy white, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
YXQKHZO	Phi Rudd IX	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
YXRXZCD	Dudebaddus Smith XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		
YXTJMOV	Alpha Harris VII	The sky above the horizon is a dim maroon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb7.gif		
YXTJSQA	Lambda Crematorius IV	The sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb5.gif
YXWXAZX	Zeta Scabrus IX						
YYDJPPO	Theta Bellegrandus III	The planet's sky is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
YYFLGJF	Pi Haggard IX	The sky is a pale yellow, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala14.gif	
YYWFXVU	Scabrus Sullivan V	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc3.gif		sgalienb10.gif
YYXAAAB	Upsilon Cromulus IV	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
YYYYYYY	Pelicanus McNichols VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgaliena9.gif
YZABCDE	Rho Steadwick III	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
YZBZHPD	Lambda White XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant amber, dominated by a system of orange-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif		
YZDNXUM	Rho Cattusdoggus VII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
YZJODJP	Zeta Yodeli X	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
YZQQJLP	Chi Miller III	The planet's sky is a pale red.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta16.gif		
YZRFKDX	Epsilon Taylor I	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant orange, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
YZTHDSG	Epsilon Rodriguez IV	The sky above the horizon is a deep red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
YZTIOWW	Psi Scabrus IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant pink, dominated by a system of indigo-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
YZWHSCD	Cardboardius Sanford III	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		sgalienb9.gif
YZYLAJV	Iota Des Moines IX	The planet's sky is a pale yellow, dotted by occasional wispy beige-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
YZZZZZZ	Chi Brown VI	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgaliena7.gif
ZAAAAAA	Psi Harris V	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalc2.gif	sgaliena4.gif
ZAAAAAB	Alpha Microscopius XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant ruby.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
ZAAAAAC	Alpha Haskell I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb8.gif
ZAAAAAD	Polepositioni Tyler IV	The sky is red fading into green near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ZAAAAAE	Dyxichix Taylor X	The sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb9.gif	
ZAAAAAF	Gamma Shannahan X	The sky above the horizon is a vivid green, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc3.gif		sgaliena8.gif
ZAAAAAG	Gamma Doritus I	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb2.gif		
ZAAAAAH	Epsilon Davis IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
ZAAAAAI	Xi Spitzner XI	The sky is a bleached gray, punctuated by mottled chartreuse-colored and pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.			sgalienb8.gif
ZAAAAAJ	Dominatrix Cooper XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy azure.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif		
ZAAAAAK	Rho Leprus II	The sky is orange fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb5.gif
ZAAAAAL	Lambda Conjunctivitus VIII	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow, with a dense covering of maroon-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
ZAAAAAM	Mu Miller XI	The sky is a brilliant cornflower.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb7.gif
ZAAAAAN	Alpha Draper IX	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
ZAAAAAO	Theta Moore III	The planet's sky is a brilliant red.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif		
ZAAAAAP	Iota Martin VII	The planet's sky is a deep blue, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	
ZAAAAAQ	Theta Hamburguesus X	The planet's sky is a vivid green.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala10.gif	
ZAAAAAR	Phi Cancerus IX	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and grey clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala2.gif	
ZAAAAAS	Omicron Dunn XI	The sky is a pale green, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ZAAAAAT	Beta Goodman VI	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
ZAAAAAU	Zeta Pelicanus IV	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ZAAAAAV	Iota Harris VII	The planet's sky is a dim blue, dominated by a system of periwinkle-colored rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb3.gif	
ZAAAAAW	Eta Pelicanus X	The planet's sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta11.gif		sgaliena6.gif
ZAAAAAX	Pi Nelson II	The sky is a pale orange, dominated by a system of ultramarine-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta14.gif		
ZAAAAAY	Pi Haskell VII	The sky is an oppressive blue, and a tan-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
ZAAAAAZ	Belletaco O'Kelly X	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ZAAAABA	Beta Fritus VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
ZAAAEUN	Rho Johnson VIII	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgalienb4.gif
ZAAAMMN	Allopecius Brown II	The sky is a uniform orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta18.gif		
ZAAANLN	Mousketeerus Nichols V	The sky is a dim pink, punctuated by mottled maroon-colored and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single crescent moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
ZAAAUEN	Scabrus Allen VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Three craggy moons hang in the sky.			
ZAAIPEX	Diggusduggus O'Sullivan XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	
ZABCDEF	Delta Berry VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
ZABGDFG	Tau Cromulus X	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb6.gif	
ZABIYOY	Beta Leprus VII	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
ZACAHZY	Lambda Easthouse VII	The planet's sky is an oppressive blue, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala5.gif	
ZACATTA	Billclintonus Jones XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalc3.gif	
ZACHARY	Theta Franklin VII	The planet's sky is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
ZAERYHY	Nu Waldorfus VI	The sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb6.gif	
ZAFGHDG	Theta Humptydumptus III	The planet's sky is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb6.gif	sgaliena6.gif
ZAGGLER	Delta Sullivan VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, punctuated by mottled pale orange and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala14.gif	
ZAHADHF	Dominatrix Bush XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	
ZAHFDRF	Theta Lepidopterus IX	The planet's sky is a pale yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.			
ZAILIFF	Zeta Thompson VIII	The planet's sky is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.			
ZALAFEL	Phi Nipperus I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
ZAMAIWK	Chi Cattusdoggus IX	The sky is yellow fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta10.gif		sgalienb5.gif
ZAPATOS	Nu Scabrus V	The sky is a deep pink.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif		
ZAPHODS	Nu Bearthurus III	The sky is a brilliant red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	
ZAPPING	Omicron Hathaway XI	The sky is a bleached green, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
ZAPZAPP	Gamma Harrison IV	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena3.gif
ZARATRU	Lambda Young IX	The sky is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
ZARLAJE	Theta White VII	The planet's sky is a deep blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgaliena3.gif
ZARQUON	Iota Thompson III	The planet's sky is a deep red, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb8.gif
ZASASDS	Pi Shafer XI	The sky is a uniform green, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ZASZUWU	Omega Fustulus VII	The sky is a vivid pink, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
ZATHRAS	Nu Sullivan I	The sky is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta7.gif		
ZATHURA	Doritus Hathaway XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, dominated by a system of white-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif		
ZAZAVLD	Kappa Reagan VIII	The planet's sky is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of white rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala8.gif	
ZAZAZAZ	Sigma Goldthwait VII	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ZAZEUVQ	Conjunctivitus Reynolds IV	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb10.gif		
ZBAAMMM	Waldorfus White V	The planet's sky is a deep red.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
ZBANDER	Lambda Slobulus IX	The planet's sky is a bright yellow, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta9.gif		
ZBARTZZ	Cardboardius Reagan VII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
ZBBBBBB	Iota Adams III	The planet's sky is a dim red, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala16.gif	sgalienb8.gif
ZBBYUDT	Omega O'Mally II	The sky is a uniform emerald.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
ZBETNYA	Tau Nichols V	The sky is pink fading into lilac near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb7.gif		sgalienb7.gif
ZBGLVYW	Dyxichix Stipe II	The sky is a bright orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ZBIYGKU	Zeta Perfunctus V	The planet's sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	There are no moons visible.			
ZBLIGFM	Fredfordus Bush II	The planet's sky is a hazy brown, and a mustard-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalb9.gif	sgaliena9.gif
ZBMDGHF	Zeta Rudd VIII	The planet's sky is a bright blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
ZBOBBOB	Nu Stemple VI	The sky is a bright pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	
ZBQBUHA	Theta Fritus VII	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala1.gif	
ZBRRGMD	Phi Woodward XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, punctuated by mottled grey and pale blue clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
ZBSEZSQ	Pi Bellegrandus XI	The sky is a brilliant sienna, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ZBZDDCH	Perambulus Adams XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim green, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimalb9.gif	
ZCCCCCC	Sigma Bubblicius XI	The sky is green fading into maroon near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb5.gif		
ZCGGWTI	Fritus Miller VIII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, punctuated by mottled pale blue and black clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb10.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ZCGOJHZ	Lambda Westinghouse XI	The sky is an oppressive green.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
ZCHMUCK	Mu Diverticulus II	The sky is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala10.gif	
ZCPDLXH	Iota Mousketeerus II	The planet's sky is a bleached orange, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb2.gif	
ZCPKMUH	Gamma Leprus I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.			
ZCQVNAM	Nu Miller II	The sky is a brilliant orange.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
ZCRBYAK	Xi Dudebaddus XI	The sky is an oppressive green, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
ZCUQECU	Gamma Roosevelt II	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
ZCYEAMT	Iota Hathaway X	The planet's sky is a bleached green, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta7.gif		
ZCZGJUN	Chi Fredfordus VII	The planet's sky is a bleached turquoise, punctuated by mottled white and puce-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
ZDAASBE	Conjunctivitus Reagan V	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta20.gif		sgaliena10.gif
ZDASGDE	Cattusdoggus Smith IX	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
ZDAUSTW	Iota Clark VII	The planet's sky is a deep blue, speckled with puffy ochre-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
ZDDDDDD	Eta Cancerus VIII	The planet's sky is a deep yellow.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta4.gif		sgaliena2.gif
ZDERPYZ	Sigma Bananaramus IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
ZDNPXVK	Nu Berry IX	The sky is a bright yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two small moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
ZDOCWHO	Omega Lennon V	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of scarlet-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta14.gif		
ZDONALD	Psi Milkius XI	The sky is a hazy blue.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.			
ZDPCMBW	Pannus DuPree VII	The sky is blue fading into lavender near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
ZDPQHGQ	Nu Paulson XI	The sky is a bright aquamarine.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
ZDPRVQJ	Phi Franklin XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, and a orange-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
ZDPZQGQ	Sigma North VI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif		sgalienb8.gif
ZDPZRRE	Delta Bubblicius IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive red, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ZDPZSCS	Sigma North VI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif		sgalienb8.gif
ZDRDDRD	Trixrabbitus Berry VII	The sky is a bleached blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Two pale moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta17.gif		sgaliena9.gif
ZDRYHAD	Epsilon Dickbutkus VI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform pink, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three waning moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ZDSFHIL	Phi Unicornius V	The sky is pink fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	
ZDSPWZG	Bearthurus Thomas XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant cerulean.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
ZDTGYIO	Alpha Jackson XI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant taupe.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
ZDXQSBZ	Chi Robinson VI	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A single ovoid moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
ZEALAND	Tau Romero X	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif		
ZEALOTS	Beta Harris V	The sky above the horizon is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
ZEBAJGZ	Gamma Pelicanus III	The sky above the horizon is a dim red.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb1.gif
ZEBBVLW	Kappa Diverticulus X	The planet's sky is a hazy green, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ZEBEDEE	Chi Mott I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive lilac.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
ZEBLUES	Phi Nichols XI	The sky is sepia fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of grey rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif		sgalienb4.gif
ZEEEEEE	Crunkuli O'Sullivan III	The sky is a vivid red, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb10.gif	
ZEIRDAL	Mu Dudebaddus VII	The sky is an oppressive maroon.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb1.gif	
ZELAZNY	Psi Diggusduggus IV	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	A tiny moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc2.gif		sgalienb6.gif
ZEMPHIS	Cheetus Dunn XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale tan, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb10.gif	
ZENDIKR	Crustulus Buck IX	The sky is a bright yellow, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.		sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ZEPHYRS	Pi O'Mally X	The sky is a vivid green, dominated by a system of black rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
ZEPPLIN	Rho Montague IV	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta8.gif		
ZEQLMNZ	Saladus Madison VIII	The sky is a dim yellow.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala20.gif	
ZEQVPAB	Rho Cancerus VIII	The sky is blue fading into emerald near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	A single shimmering moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala9.gif	
ZERODAY	Sigma Hippidipsus VIII	The sky is blue fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala12.gif	
ZERPENT	Tau Discothecus VII	The sky is blue fading into aquamarine near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
ZESTFUL	Lambda Roosevelt XI	The planet's sky is a dim olive, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala8.gif	
ZESTIES	Phi Abbrevianus XI	The sky is taupe fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
ZETHREE	Mu Cromulus II	The sky is a bleached blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala3.gif	
ZEWFAKS	Theta Dudebaddus II	The planet's sky is a hazy orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	
ZEWSAAP	Delta Hathaway IX	The sky above the horizon is a bleached yellow, speckled with puffy mustard-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif		sgalienb7.gif
ZFAAIQI	Scabrus Taylor II	The planet's sky is a brilliant red, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimala17.gif	
ZFATTIE	Lambda Allopecius VI	The planet's sky is a bleached blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
ZFDBFMJ	Xi Crematorius VI	The sky is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta11.gif		
ZFFFFFF	Omicron Pacmanicus VI	The sky is a dim pink, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala12.gif	
ZFFZOSU	Lambda Khan III	The planet's sky is a vivid red, with a dense covering of brown-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala7.gif	
ZFGSFHC	Theta Diggusduggus VII	The planet's sky is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgaliena5.gif
ZFHGLDT	Theta Misogynus XI	The planet's sky is a bleached lilac.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala2.gif	
ZFLUFFY	Mu Cooper IV	The sky is a hazy pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb7.gif	
ZFQLMNY	Beta Allopecius XI	The sky above the horizon is a bleached sienna.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb2.gif		
ZFUENGM	Theta Waldorfus III	The planet's sky is an oppressive chartreuse.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
ZFVNUXF	Kappa Diverticulus XI	The planet's sky is a hazy crimson, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimalb1.gif	
ZFXEZTN	Nu Washington XI	The sky is a dim green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
ZGBVDUJ	Pi Wallace II	The sky is a uniform orange, speckled with puffy ecru-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala8.gif	
ZGCYCVM	Rho Milkius XI	The sky is rose fading into brown near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	
ZGDNQWE	Cheetus Dunn XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale tan, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta20.gif		sgaliena10.gif
ZGEARSO	Omicron Rutgers IV	The sky is a bright red, with a dense covering of pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	A single waning moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
ZGFJHDG	Sigma Thompson V	The sky is pink fading into navy near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
ZGFSNCK	Chi Gronulus III	The sky is a brilliant pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
ZGGGGGG	Epsilon Dominatrix IX	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow, punctuated by mottled grey and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
ZGHAIEH	Psi Goldthwait VI	The planet's sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif		sgaliena2.gif
ZGMONFG	Omicron McNichols X	The sky is a uniform green, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimala5.gif	
ZGMSUHE	Mousketeerus McCartney V	The sky is a hazy pink, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb9.gif
ZGORILL	Chi Crunkuli X	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim yellow sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb2.gif		sgalienb2.gif
ZGPUTCL	Lambda O'Sullivan IV	The sky is a vivid red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb3.gif	sgalienb3.gif
ZGTQYIE	Omega Clinton VII	The sky is blue fading into red near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	
ZGUESSS	Pi Crunkuli IV	The sky is a bright pink, punctuated by mottled lavender-colored and pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb6.gif
ZGXNBYF	Beta Fredfordus I	The sky above the horizon is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		sgaliena6.gif
ZGZQYXA	Sigma Mousketeerus VI	The sky is pink fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc2.gif		sgalienb5.gif
ZHABQRQ	Beta Mack IV	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc3.gif		sgalienb8.gif
ZHEPKCK	Omega Fritus III	The sky above the horizon is a pale red, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
ZHEUBMM	Theta Perfunctus VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid ochre.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimalb5.gif	
ZHFWQVA	Chi Hall IV	The sky is cream fading into red near the horizon, with a dense covering of puce-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ZHGKJDK	Eta Young IX	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.	sgplantc2.gif		sgaliena7.gif
ZHHHHHH	Iota Shannahan XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green, punctuated by mottled pale orange and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Two oblong moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
ZHICMCI	Epsilon Westinghouse VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue, punctuated by mottled pink and black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta5.gif		sgalienb3.gif
ZHQFCCC	Omicron Bananaramus II	The sky is an oppressive orange, and a pale blue ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta4.gif		
ZICHZMP	Zeta Perfunctus V	The planet's sky is a vivid pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala2.gif	sgaliena1.gif
ZIGGLER	Zeta Noriega I	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
ZIGZAGS	Belletaco Spitzner VII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized yellow sun.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta18.gif		
ZIIIIII	Theta Yodeli XI	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala12.gif	
ZIKLRPN	Crunkuli Reagan X	The sky is a hazy green, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb9.gif		sgaliena9.gif
ZILICON	Kappa Woodward V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb3.gif
ZILLION	Bubblicius Disraeli V	The sky is a deep red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
ZIMARIO	Bananaramus Shannahan VII	The sky is a bleached yellow.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.			sgalienb9.gif
ZIMOTHY	Nu Clinton II	The sky is a hazy violet.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
ZINAGEN	Psi Crustulus X	The sky is a dim yellow, punctuated by mottled pink and mustard-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.			
ZINCAAA	Iota Lee IV	The planet's sky is a deep red, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	The sky is moonless.			
ZINNIAS	Upsilon McDurkee IV	The sky is red fading into orange near the horizon, punctuated by mottled black and pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
ZINTWHC	Epsilon Abbrevianus XI	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
ZIPPERS	Theta Pennington XI	The planet's sky is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
ZIPPITY	Sigma Cattusdoggus V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif		sgalienb2.gif
ZISASDF	Xi Rudd II	The sky is a bright orange, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala14.gif	
ZITFACE	Nu Milkius II	The sky is a vivid orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ZITHERS	Equipajus Young XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	Two tiny moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
ZIVVVNB	Phi Trixrabbitus II	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala11.gif	
ZIWTWNB	Phi Trixrabbitus II	The sky is blue fading into green near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.			
ZIXTEEN	Lambda Belletaco IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta10.gif		
ZJAYJAY	Pi Dudebaddus XI	The sky is a hazy green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
ZJEILNG	Chi Cheetus XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, punctuated by mottled pale blue and lilac-colored clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgaliena5.gif
ZJEQONI	Omicron Taylor XI	The sky is a dim cornflower, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	The sky is moonless.			
ZJJJJJJ	Tau Mack III	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb7.gif		
ZJKDCMI	Upsilon Billclintonus III	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ZJKWBBS	Sigma DuPree XI	The sky is ultramarine fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
ZJLZJAE	Sigma Romero VI	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
ZJTHREE	Pi Trixrabbitus IV	The sky is an oppressive red, dominated by a system of pink rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif		
ZKATERS	Alpha Robinson VI	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
ZKDMKMC	Eta Harris XI	The planet's sky is a dim green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb8.gif		sgaliena8.gif
ZKGABRO	Psi Mott II	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A hazy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgaliena4.gif
ZKIRBYZ	Omega Walker VIII	The planet's sky is a bright turquoise, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ZKKKKKK	Lambda Abbrevianus III	The planet's sky is a hazy red, with a dense covering of puce-colored clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ZKMXAZA	Psi Bubblewrapium IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.			
ZKQLMSO	Mu Goldthwait IV	The sky is an oppressive red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala5.gif	
ZKQODOJ	Phlebitis Garfield XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, dominated by a system of white rings.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ZKRFNZK	Gronulus Tyler III	The sky is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
ZLGAHTT	Kappa Mott XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive emerald, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalc1.gif	
ZLHWASG	Trixrabbitus Brown IV	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
ZLITHER	Iota Saladus XI	The planet's sky is a vivid black, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.		sganimala10.gif	
ZLLLLLL	Beta Lepidopterus V	The sky above the horizon is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ZLLOOPP	Gronulus Tyler III	The sky is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb9.gif	sgalienb9.gif
ZLNVDIY	Gronulus Tyler III	The sky is a hazy red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala17.gif	
ZLOVEYO	Alpha Jones V	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala7.gif	
ZLQLMNS	Mu Goldthwait IV	The sky is an oppressive red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	
ZLRWXQV	Alpha Harris XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim green.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta15.gif		
ZLSGUMU	Rho Garfunkel VIII	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala14.gif	
ZLSVLJL	Gamma Bob VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
ZLTHZDN	Phlebitis McNichols V	The sky is pink fading into green near the horizon, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
ZLXPKJT	Iota Perfunctus XI	The planet's sky is a vivid magenta, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim red sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb6.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
ZLXVLFP	Sigma Phlebitis VI	The sky is orange fading into pink near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
ZLYNOHD	Tau Gronulus II	The sky is orange fading into red near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy navy-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	Three crescent moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta9.gif		sgalienb5.gif
ZMBODKZ	Omega Hippidipsus VII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala4.gif	
ZMDYDSH	Nu Saladus III	The sky is a vivid red.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb6.gif	sgalienb6.gif
ZMFPAVP	Eta Diverticulus X	The planet's sky is a hazy green.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta4.gif		
ZMKBDQA	Xi Brown V	The sky is a brilliant pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single gaseous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala5.gif	
ZMLPFIM	Delta North V	The sky above the horizon is a hazy pink, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta16.gif		
ZMMMMMM	Tau Corpulus I	The sky is orange fading into aquamarine near the horizon, punctuated by mottled grey and pink clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.			
ZMSVBHX	Chi Yodeli V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A forested moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
ZMVDQJP	Alpha Goldthwait VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
ZNDROID	Beta Harris VIII	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.			
ZNEGEEA	Theta Phlebitis XI	The planet's sky is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
ZNHFSJE	Psi White X	The planet's sky is an oppressive yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
ZNJVJGZ	Theta King II	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.			
ZNLYMDG	Omega Thomas VI	The planet's sky is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	Three waxing moons hang in the sky.			
ZNNNNNN	Theta Cheetus V	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Several small moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
ZNODRUI	Phi Miller VIII	The sky is yellow fading into red near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
ZNQJIIV	Zeta Haskell V	The planet's sky is an oppressive pink.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimalc2.gif	
ZNSRDKJ	Beta Humptydumptus X	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
ZNWZUUD	Bellegrandus Garfunkel XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
ZNZIBAR	Psi Dudebaddus IX	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimalb2.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ZOBSYDF	Belletaco Bush IV	The sky above the horizon is a hazy red, and a auburn-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ZOCCOLA	Zeta Garcia I	The planet's sky is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalc1.gif	
ZOCITKH	Lambda Abbrevianus III	The planet's sky is a hazy red, with a dense covering of puce-colored clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.		sganimalc2.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ZODJXYC	Kappa Adams XI	The planet's sky is a dim turquoise, and a beige-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	
ZODRCVR	Dominatrix Goodman II	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.			sgaliena9.gif
ZOEQEYZ	Lambda Khan III	The planet's sky is a vivid red, with a dense covering of brown-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
ZOIDBRG	Eta Harris XI	The planet's sky is a dim green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalb8.gif	sgaliena8.gif
ZOINZFX	Theta Robinson II	The planet's sky is a deep orange.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	There are no moons visible.			
ZOJCHAC	Theta Smith IV	The planet's sky is a uniform red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A cratered moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgaliena4.gif
ZOLPHIN	Kappa Abbrevianus II	The planet's sky is a hazy red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several waning moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb2.gif
ZOMBIES	Crematorius Jones IV	The sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
ZOOLAND	Sigma Fustulus III	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb5.gif	
ZOOLLPP	Cattusdoggus Hernandez XI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid puce.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb9.gif	sganimala17.gif	
ZOOLOGY	Psi Tyler VIII	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
ZOOMING	Omicron Shafer X	The sky is a uniform green, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb7.gif	
ZOOOOOM	Omega Meadows VIII	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimala7.gif	
ZOOOOOO	Fritus O'Kelly V	The sky above the horizon is a bleached green, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb9.gif		
ZORKIII	Pi O'Mally VI	The sky is a vivid blue, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgaliena7.gif
ZORKING	Linoleus Franklin II	The sky above the horizon is a dim orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb10.gif		
ZOTTFFS	Misogynus Goldthwait VI	The sky is an oppressive pink.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta18.gif		
ZOUTUVI	Mu Nelson IX	The sky is a pale yellow.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala13.gif	
ZOWSERS	Pi Billclintonus IX	The sky is a hazy red, speckled with puffy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Three small moons hang in the sky.			sgaliena1.gif
ZOYAGER	Pacmanicus Lewis IX	The sky is puce fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single waxing moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala18.gif	
ZPBKUKB	Nu Unicornius VII	The sky is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Several gibbous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif		sgalienb5.gif
ZPCNIYK	Omicron Reaganus V	The sky is an oppressive pink, dominated by a system of ultramarine-colored rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		
ZPESPQA	Diggusduggus Cooper X	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala17.gif	
ZPFLMNZ	Iota Allen VIII	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta15.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
ZPGGVNX	Upsilon Trixrabbitus IV	The sky is golden fading into red near the horizon, dominated by a system of ecru-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta9.gif		sgalienb5.gif
ZPIMTBP	Omicron Paulson VIII	The sky is a bright blue, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	A small moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta5.gif		sgaliena3.gif
ZPLANET	Delta Franklin VIII	The sky above the horizon is a dim blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala13.gif	sgaliena7.gif
ZPPPPPP	Zeta Black XI	The planet's sky is a hazy cornflower.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena4.gif
ZPQLMNO	Omicron Harrison IV	The sky is a dim red, punctuated by mottled pale blue and pink clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	There are no moons visible.			
ZPSFPOT	Gamma Fredfordus XI	The sky above the horizon is a deep indigo.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
ZPTWJSH	Nu Goodman XI	The sky is a pale green.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single craggy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala5.gif	sgalienb3.gif
ZPWATNU	Bob McCartney V	The sky is crimson fading into orange near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimala20.gif	
ZPZLMNF	Iota Bubblicius XI	The planet's sky is an oppressive green, with a dense covering of brown-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb6.gif		sgalienb6.gif
ZPZPAAA	Crematorius Johnson II	The sky is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta17.gif	sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb9.gif
ZPZWKVF	Crunkuli Westinghouse II	The sky is yellow fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Two forested moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalb10.gif	
ZQGACDH	Beta Stipe V	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb3.gif
ZQOCNTJ	Paulreiserus Dunn VIII	The planet's sky is a pale blue, with a dense covering of turquoise-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala17.gif	sgalienb9.gif
ZQPMRIN	Scabrus Clinton IX	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow, dominated by a system of white rings.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb9.gif		sgalienb9.gif
ZQQQQQQ	Gamma Perambulus XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale turquoise, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
ZQSBPIY	Phlebitis O'Kelly I	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
ZQTNMNX	Chi Crematorius X	The sky is a dim blue.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
ZQXPVNP	Sigma Polepositioni X	The sky is green fading into red near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta12.gif	sganimala12.gif	sgaliena6.gif
ZQYJPYX	Xi Hippidipsus IX	The sky is a dim yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
ZRAYTRT	Epsilon Cheetus VII	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ZRGVXBU	Alpha Reaganus XI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive tan.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Three small moons hang in the sky.			
ZRIUZVL	Gamma Johnson VII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb3.gif	sganimala6.gif	
ZRMFYIV	Tau Dominatrix VIII	The sky is yellow fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalb6.gif	
ZRPDBMX	Gamma Black VIII	The sky above the horizon is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A crescent moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb4.gif	sganimala8.gif	sgalienb4.gif
ZRRNLUA	Delta Bush II	The sky above the horizon is a hazy orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Several gaseous moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			sgalienb8.gif
ZRRRRRR	Rho Misogynus VIII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	
ZRSJMNM	Gamma Bob VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgaliena1.gif
ZRWEBKT	Tau Cromulus VIII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta11.gif		sgalienb6.gif
ZRWXFKJ	Fredfordus Belvedere VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached blue, speckled with puffy pink clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
ZRXGSIT	Chi Hernandez IX	The planet's sky is a bright red, dominated by a system of grey rings.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A waning moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala16.gif	
ZSANIKU	Phi Blivebarkerus XI	The sky is green fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Two medium-sized moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimala11.gif	
ZSANITY	Phi Crunkuli X	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, punctuated by mottled white and black clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta3.gif		
ZSCOOBY	Pi McMahon VIII	The sky is a hazy blue, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a pale yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ZSGHDFH	Lambda Young XI	The sky is a bleached green.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
ZSPACEZ	Pi Mousketeerus I	The sky is a bleached orange, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a dim orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala3.gif	sgaliena2.gif
ZSQLMKO	Gamma Bob VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc1.gif	
ZSSDMTW	Omega Trixrabbitus V	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow, punctuated by mottled pale orange and pink clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb2.gif		sgalienb2.gif
ZSSSSSS	Delta Rutgers IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright yellow, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	Three ovoid moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb7.gif	
ZSTCDRS	Psi O'Mally IX	The sky is a bright blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb4.gif		sgaliena4.gif
ZSTXNGO	Zeta Hippidipsus X	The sky above the horizon is a dim yellow, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta11.gif		
ZSVMHXN	Psi Bananaramus IX	The sky is a deep pink, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Several ovoid moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala3.gif	
ZSWEETY	Lambda Milkius I	The sky is a vivid orange.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.			
ZSWNLZS	Omega Cardboardius IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	A gaseous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta1.gif		
ZTBLTTJ	Alpha Hall VIII	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta15.gif		
ZTDBETL	Eta Garcia VI	The planet's sky is a deep pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ZTEENSY	Eta Yodeli X	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb5.gif
ZTJVJNX	Dickbutkus Haggard XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale sepia.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb10.gif	sganimala20.gif	
ZTKJNMP	Bearthurus Huxtable IV	The planet's sky is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized white sun.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
ZTPRSTV	Crustulus Waldorf V	The sky is an oppressive pink, with a dense covering of purple-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta19.gif		
ZTQLMJO	Sigma Davis XI	The sky is rose fading into green near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
ZTTTTTT	Dyxichix Pennington VII	The sky is a bleached blue.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimalb10.gif	sgaliena10.gif
ZTTVHMR	Gamma Dominatrix VIII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform yellow, dominated by a system of pink rings.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
ZTUDIED	Delta Molotov III	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant red, speckled with puffy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.		sganimala4.gif	
ZTVUBQW	Xi Lennon XI	The sky is a hazy green, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgaliena3.gif
ZTYTDNX	Omega Mousketeerus XI	The sky is a hazy red, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single tiny moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ZTZLSVQ	Alpha Doritus IV	The sky above the horizon is a pale red.	The landscape is lit by a blazing white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb1.gif
ZUCKERZ	Eta Stemple XI	The planet's sky is a bright gray.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A pale moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	
ZUDJKTU	Gronulus Hathaway XI	The sky is a bleached silver.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.		sganimala18.gif	sgalienb9.gif
ZUFPJCU	Beta Dudebaddus VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.			sgaliena6.gif
ZUICIDE	Upsilon Brooks III	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close orange sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ZUKEFWZ	Phi Madison XI	The sky is azure fading into blue near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	Two cratered moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb4.gif		
ZULTANZ	Iota Westinghouse V	The planet's sky is an oppressive green, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
ZULUMAB	Eta Dudebaddus III	The planet's sky is an oppressive red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
ZUMAQBD	Iota Dickbutkus I	The planet's sky is a pale orange, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
ZUMNJOT	Omega Smith IX	The sky above the horizon is a bright pink, dominated by a system of pale orange rings.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimalb8.gif	
ZUMPAPA	Eta Slobulus XI	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb2.gif		sgaliena2.gif
ZUNAAEA	Pi Dyxichix I	The sky is a vivid orange, and a grey ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Several hazy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif		
ZUNOVHM	Epsilon Taylor X	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant yellow, with a dense covering of salmon-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright red sun.	Three gaseous moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb8.gif		sgalienb8.gif
ZUOWZNI	Xi Perambulus X	The sky is a pale green, dotted by occasional wispy silver-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala10.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ZUPZNUM	Lambda Waldorfus XI	The sky is an oppressive rose.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ZUUUUUU	Beta DuPree XI	The sky above the horizon is a pale azure.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Two waning moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta7.gif		sgalienb4.gif
ZUYKGGL	Microscopius Black IX	The planet's sky is a hazy yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating white sun.	A single hazy moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta18.gif	sganimala18.gif	
ZUYLDHI	Theta Rudd X	The planet's sky is a bright green.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	
ZVCPVMM	Theta Harris I	The planet's sky is a dim orange.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
ZVGADVI	Psi Mousketeerus II	The sky is a uniform orange, dotted by occasional wispy black clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ZVGDKPB	Lambda Diggusduggus III	The sky is a dim red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
ZVGOCJJ	Nu Gromulus V	The sky is a bright pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A oblong moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta11.gif	sganimalb6.gif	
ZVISION	Delta Shatner III	The sky above the horizon is a vivid red, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a distant yellow sun.	Three forested moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
ZVNBJTL	Psi Brown VI	The planet's sky is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			sgaliena4.gif
ZVPGAMJ	Belletaco Rutgers VI	The sky above the horizon is a bright blue, dotted by occasional wispy burgundy-colored clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
ZVPQCTF	Rho Sullivan II	The sky is orange fading into azure near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
ZVQFMNO	Gamma Bob VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
ZVRZMTD	Microscopius Peterson III	The planet's sky is a bleached red.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A single medium-sized moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala19.gif	
ZVSJKZN	Crematorius Reynolds III	The sky is a uniform red.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant orange sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb9.gif
ZVUKZQR	Kappa Gronulus VIII	The planet's sky is a bleached yellow, dotted by occasional wispy white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized orange sun.	Several oblong moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ZVVVVVV	Gamma Tyler XI	The sky above the horizon is a dim ultramarine.	The landscape is lit by a pale white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala16.gif	
ZVWKUYA	Nu Polepositioni IV	The sky is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Two shimmering moons punctuate the sky.		sganimalc2.gif	
ZVXNKMB	Eta Trixrabbitus IV	The planet's sky is an oppressive red.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Two waxing moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta12.gif		sgaliena6.gif
ZWHIMPY	Kappa Harris I	The planet's sky is a deep orange, speckled with puffy puce-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	A single forested moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	
ZWINTER	Eta Anderson IX	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three small moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta6.gif	sganimala6.gif	
ZWISQAB	Crematorius O'Mally VII	The sky is a vivid blue.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
ZWJHFIK	Beta Cheetus I	The sky above the horizon is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.		sganimala10.gif	sgaliena5.gif
ZWJNPUV	Mousketeerus Taylor VII	The sky is a dim blue, and a salmon-colored ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimala17.gif	
ZWLKSUW	Mu Martinez VII	The sky is a deep blue.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating blue sun.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif		
ZWNDYCC	Crematorius Nelson I	The sky is a pale orange.	The landscape is lit by a distant blue sun.	Two ovoid moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta18.gif		sgalienb9.gif
ZWODFCQ	Psi Fustulus X	The sky is an oppressive green, and a white ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	Three tiny moons hang in the sky.		sganimala9.gif	
ZWQSJUJ	Corpulus Brown VII	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant blue, dotted by occasional wispy grey clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala19.gif	sgalienb10.gif
ZWQVVLR	Eta Moore VIII	The planet's sky is a brilliant yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ZWRMOVV	Sigma Fritus IV	The sky is red fading into blue near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	Two craggy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimalb5.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ZWWWWWW	Sigma Paulreiserus III	The sky is red fading into ecru near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	Several medium-sized moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.			
ZWYHLOU	Delta O'Reilly II	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating orange sun.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.			
ZWZDORA	Xi Bellegrandus X	The sky is a brilliant green, punctuated by mottled pale blue and navy-colored clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several tiny moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgaliena5.gif
ZXCVBNM	Nu Spitzner IV	The sky is a bleached red.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Three oblong moons hang in the sky.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimala16.gif	sgaliena8.gif
ZXDHJHC	Delta Dyxichix VII	The sky above the horizon is a bleached blue, punctuated by mottled pink and white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Two hazy moons punctuate the sky.	sgplanta3.gif	sganimala3.gif	sgalienb2.gif
ZXFRLZZ	Alpha O'Mally I	The sky above the horizon is a vivid orange.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	Two crescent moons punctuate the sky.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgaliena8.gif
ZXHQLXQ	Alpha Cardboardius VII	The sky above the horizon is a uniform blue.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc2.gif		
ZXHSKBE	Omicron Stemple XI	The sky is a bright green, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A shimmering moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimalc3.gif	
ZXKXMRG	Tau Billclintonus II	The sky is pink fading into gray near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright yellow sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgaliena6.gif
ZXPAZVC	Omega Thomas IV	The planet's sky is a brilliant aquamarine.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplanta5.gif		
ZXSGFUZ	Theta Cheetus VI	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta10.gif	sganimala10.gif	
ZXTQUVY	Theta Blivebarkerus XI	The planet's sky is a brilliant green.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimala4.gif	sgaliena2.gif
ZXUUKOT	Theta Shatner XI	The planet's sky is a vivid green.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	A single oblong moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta7.gif	sganimalb4.gif	sgalienb4.gif
ZXUWKDL	Delta Brown XI	The sky above the horizon is a uniform green, and a pale orange ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ZXWXWYO	Theta Lepidopterus V	The planet's sky is a pale pink.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	There are no moons visible.		sganimalb6.gif	
ZXXXXXX	Tau Hippidipsus X	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.		sganimala1.gif	
ZYCLOPS	Kappa Harrison I	The planet's sky is a dim orange, punctuated by mottled pale orange and grey clouds.	The system's twin red suns loom above you.	Two gibbous moons punctuate the sky.			sgalienb8.gif
ZYCUTOH	Beta Paulson XI	The sky above the horizon is a bright green.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			sgalienb3.gif
ZYGMUNT	Theta Doritus VI	The planet's sky is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantb2.gif	sganimalb2.gif	
ZYGOTES	Slobulus Thompson IV	The sky is a uniform red, with a dense covering of pale orange clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimala20.gif	
ZYJUFKW	Epsilon Noriega X	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green, speckled with puffy lilac-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	Three shimmering moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimalb7.gif	
ZYMOSIS	Waldorfus Easthouse XI	The sky is orange fading into blue near the horizon, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc3.gif		sgalienb9.gif
ZYMURGY	Psi Pannus II	The sky is orange fading into green near the horizon, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The system's twin yellow suns loom above you.	Several waxing moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta9.gif		
ZYSKCNO	Upsilon Symington XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.		sganimala15.gif	sgaliena8.gif
ZYUGIOH	Tau Taylor XI	The sky is lilac fading into green near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a dim white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantb4.gif		
ZYWOBXJ	Abbrevianus Cooper V	The sky is pink fading into yellow near the horizon, punctuated by mottled pale orange and white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	Three pale moons hang in the sky.		sganimalb9.gif	sgaliena9.gif
ZYXAAAA	Psi Nelson VI	The sky above the horizon is a vivid blue, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	Several crescent moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimalc2.gif	sgaliena4.gif
ZYXWVUT	Alpha Dunn VIII	The sky above the horizon is a pale blue.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant white sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta13.gif		
ZYYYYYY	Xi O'Kelly X	The sky is a bleached yellow.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	A waxing moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta14.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ZYZHAQG	Upsilon Davis X	The sky is yellow fading into green near the horizon, with a dense covering of white clouds.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant red sun.	Several craggy moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta13.gif	sganimala13.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ZYZZYVA	Delta Bubblicius I	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive orange, dotted by occasional wispy pale blue clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	sgalienb1.gif
ZZGDCXU	Psi Draper IV	The sky is red fading into pink near the horizon, with a dense covering of black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized red sun.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.			
ZZGNHIP	Tau Doritus X	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta2.gif	sganimala2.gif	
ZZJRNZG	Tau Harris XI	The sky is green fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright orange sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta16.gif	sganimalb8.gif	sgalienb8.gif
ZZLBFRP	Rho Bubblicius X	The sky is cream fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta4.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
ZZNPSFS	Beta Milkius IX	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a distant white sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta11.gif		sgalienb6.gif
ZZPANKS	Gamma Bob VIII	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive yellow, speckled with puffy pale blue clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta1.gif	sganimala1.gif	
ZZQLCNO	Upsilon Symington XI	The sky is green fading into pink near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pink clouds.	The system's twin blue suns loom above you.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb8.gif	sganimala15.gif	sgalienb8.gif
ZZSUTLU	Omicron Mills XI	The sky is a bright green, and a pink ring arcs across near the horizon.	The system's twin white suns loom above you.	Three hazy moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb3.gif		sgaliena3.gif
ZZWDORA	Delta Blivebarkerus VI	The sky above the horizon is a brilliant pink, dominated by a system of black rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close red sun.	A single cratered moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantb6.gif		
ZZZYZZZ	Sigma Unicornius VI	The sky is indigo fading into red near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a bright blue sun.	Three medium-sized moons hang in the sky.	sgplantb5.gif	sganimalb5.gif	
ZZZZZAA	Kappa Doritus XI	The planet's sky is a pale green, punctuated by mottled black and white clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	Several shimmering moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.	sgplanta1.gif		sgalienb1.gif
ZZZZZZA	Theta Wallace X	The planet's sky is a uniform green.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimalc1.gif	
ZZZZZZB	Cattusdoggus Lewis VI	The sky above the horizon is a deep blue.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta20.gif	sganimalb10.gif	
ZZZZZZC	Theta O'Mally III	The planet's sky is a vivid red.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantb7.gif	sganimala14.gif	sgalienb7.gif
ZZZZZZD	Psi Cancerus III	The planet's sky is a brilliant green.	The landscape is lit by a pale blue sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplantb5.gif		
ZZZZZZE	Phi Leprus V	The sky is pink fading into orange near the horizon, dominated by a system of pale blue rings.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close yellow sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.			
ZZZZZZF	Beta Young IX	The sky above the horizon is a vivid yellow.	The landscape is lit by a sky-dominating red sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.	sgplantc1.gif	sganimala7.gif	sgalienb4.gif
ZZZZZZG	Xi Humptydumptus X	The sky is a bright yellow.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta9.gif	sganimala9.gif	sgalienb5.gif
ZZZZZZH	Pi Stemple II	The sky is a bright orange, with a dense covering of grey clouds.	The system's twin orange suns loom above you.	The planet doesn't appear to have any satellites.	sgplanta5.gif	sganimalb3.gif	
ZZZZZZI	Epsilon Trixrabbitus VI	The sky above the horizon is an oppressive blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a bright white sun.	Several pale moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimalb5.gif	
ZZZZZZJ	Fustulus Capulet VII	The sky is an oppressive blue, with a dense covering of white clouds.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta19.gif	sganimala19.gif	
ZZZZZZK	Theta Allopecius V	The planet's sky is a bleached pink.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close blue sun.	A craggy moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplantc2.gif	sganimala10.gif	
ZZZZZZL	Omicron Robinson X	The sky is a deep scarlet, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The landscape is lit by a medium-sized blue sun.	A ovoid moon hangs above the horizon.		sganimala6.gif	sgalienb3.gif
ZZZZZZM	Xi Jones VI	The sky is a uniform blue, speckled with puffy black clouds.	The landscape is lit by a blazing yellow sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta14.gif		sgalienb7.gif
ZZZZZZN	Rho Adams VIII	The sky is blue fading into pink near the horizon.	It is twilight -- the planet's sun is just out of sight.	Three cratered moons hang in the sky.		sganimala16.gif	
ZZZZZZO	Upsilon Cooper III	The sky is red fading into amber near the horizon, with a dense covering of pink clouds.	The system's single, distant sun hangs dimly near the horizon.	A single pale moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplanta13.gif		
ZZZZZZP	Dudebaddus Cooper IX	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, dotted by occasional wispy pale orange clouds.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	There are no moons visible.	sgplantc3.gif	sganimalc3.gif	
ZZZZZZQ	Abbrevianus Waldorf I	The sky is red fading into yellow near the horizon, speckled with puffy ecru-colored clouds.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.			
ZZZZZZR	Mu Bubblicius V	The sky is an oppressive pink.	The landscape is lit by a brilliant blue sun.	There are no moons visible.	sgplanta11.gif		
ZZZZZZS	Dominatrix Benedict VI	The sky above the horizon is a dim pink.	The landscape is lit by a distant orange sun.	There are no moons visible.			sgalienb9.gif
ZZZZZZT	Phi Pacmanicus XI	The sky is green fading into blue near the horizon, and a black ring arcs across near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by an incredibly close white sun.	Several cratered moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala11.gif	
ZZZZZZU	Mu Cartwright V	The sky is a bleached fuchsia.	The landscape is lit by a dim blue sun.	A single massive moon dominates the dome of the sky.		sganimalc3.gif	sgalienb8.gif
ZZZZZZV	Mu Hippidipsus II	The sky is a dim red.	The planet's sun (if it has one) is nowhere to be seen.	Several forested moons pepper the planet's ecliptic plane.		sganimala4.gif	
ZZZZZZW	Polepositioni Nicholson VII	The sky is blue fading into orange near the horizon.	The landscape is lit by a blazing orange sun.	A gibbous moon hangs above the horizon.	sgplanta19.gif		
ZZZZZZX	Tau Hippidipsus XI	The sky is green fading into maroon near the horizon.	A bright yellow, almost Sol-like sun hangs overhead.	The sky is moonless.			
ZZZZZZY	Gamma McCartney X	The sky above the horizon is a hazy green.	The landscape is lit by a pale red sun.	The sky is moonless.	sgplanta8.gif	sganimala8.gif	
ZZZZZZZ	Omicron Bob X	The sky is an oppressive scarlet, dominated by a system of taupe-colored rings.	The landscape is lit by a distant red sun.	A single gibbous moon punctuates the expanse of sky.	sgplantc1.gif		
